
=== c001.xhtml ===

 Title 
 
 
 Breakthrough Copywriter 2.0 
 An Advertising Field Guide to Eugene M. Schwartz' Classic 
 Edited by Dr. Robert C. Worstell 
 Copyright © 2014, 2020 Midwest Journal Press. 
 All Rights Reserved 
 
=== c002.xhtml ===

 Preface 
 
 Preface 
 A PUBLIC MEETING ABOUT Disasters brought this book to life. 
 This meeting was simply to help people get organized so they could help each other when the worst happened. Saving lives, property, everything of real value. So human life could get going again after Nature got through with its extreme weather. 
 What the person was talking about had solutions to anyone who was caught in a real emergency situation could use – with only your neighbors and your own two hands to do something about anything. 
 It's the first 60 minutes where you can save lives around you – your own, your family, any neighbors you can reach. 
 What makes a “disaster” is any time the local and higher levels of government get too busy to answer everyone's personal emergencies. People need to personally act at those times, and they need to know what to do – before that next disaster happens. 
 And the worst part of any disaster happens when people don't know what to do. That's when most deaths can be prevented. 
 The biggest problem at that meeting was their paltry turnout. Something like only around a dozen people attending for a small city of over 11,000 and a surrounding county containing at least as many more. Rural. But rural areas get hit more often than large cities – even though they are seldom covered in the press other than maybe a picture or a few lines of text. 
 It doesn't mean that the lives saved or lost are any less valuable. 
 In a disaster, you need at least one person well-trained in emergency procedures to save lives on every city block. That was the core message. One that only the dozen people attending actually heard. 
 The poor turnout was because this meeting wasn't effectively marketed – the needs and wants, the emotional connection – all missing. Even though this city sat near the U. S. “Tornado Alley” and had weathered two traffic-stopping blizzards and multiple ice-storms in the last 5 years, as well as a couple of bad droughts in summer that strained their water and electricity supplies.. 
 The cheerful-but-boring presentation also tended to keep people from acting rather than inspire them. A Power-point with no emotional heart-tugging. Video's that didn't work – well, not on a screen you could see. 
 Vital information which actually saved lives had been communicated in such a fashion that only a few were interested in finding out about it or doing anything with it. 
 And those few were lulled into complacency. 
 The moral: 
 Marketing (and copywriting) is a form of communication . 
 It sits at the point where emotion and logic meet to cause action . 
 Poor or missing marketing results in inaction. 
 Marketing and copywriting isn't just another mind-control game to make money for shysters and scammers. 
 It's your way to help people find services and products which can improve or even save lives. The more profit you make, the more people you can help. Sales income is a measurement of value you've delivered. 
 - - - - 
 I T WAS A FIND OF ONE of Gary Halbert's old columns which led me to find this book and bring it to you. 
 As someone wise beyond his years, Halbert pointed out that humankind hasn't noticeably changed as to their reactions and motivations – it was the old classics, tested over years and modernly, which still give the core data you need to study. 
 You have to study successful advertising and marketing to get your own marketing and advertising success. You don't need to invest a lifetime in discovering them for yourself, when other successful marketers have already done that discovery and written them up. 
 “Breakthrough Advertising” was listed right up there with “Tested Advertising Methods” by John Caples, “How to Write a Good Advertisement” by Victor Schwab, and “Scientific Advertising” by Claude Hopkins. 
 At the end of that list, he said to burn anything else. Really. (And it wasn't his advice, but Hopkins'.) 
 Because you only need the basics. You can work everything else from that. 
 In my other studies of current “legendary” copywriters (and self-proclaimed experts) I've found that they are all standing on the shoulders of these giants – and every thing they say has already been said before . The newer books just have modern words, in the way we talk now. Marketing on the Internet still utilize the same precise principles as printed magazines and road-side billboards have since they were the latest craze. 
 (The worst among those modern “guru's” don't even credit those who've gone before – or put some other special “spin” on rules, laws, and principles these earlier authors found by intensive and lengthy testing. Then marketing becomes even harder to learn...) 
 But even worse for Schwartz' masterwork, it's only available as an expensive hardback. 
 This is the reason I brought this guide to you in this form. His breakthroughs need to be available to copywriters everywhere . 
 This short review is simply an assist to your study of his original work. And for that, you'll need to get your own copy by buying used or visiting https://www.breakthroughadvertisingbook.com/ 
 - - - - 
 T HIS REVISED EDITION is to streamline the original research and organize it for improved flow after seven years of regular sales and use. 
 The other books Schwartz, Halbert, and others recommended are also being dusted off and updated as part of a complete series of study guides – even self-paced courses as well as both hardcopy and ebook versions of each. 
 The point is to help others as I've been helped – and continue to pay it all forward. 
 Good luck to all of us. 
 Dr. Robert C. Worstell 
 Dec 14, 2013 / Jan 4, 2020 
 
=== c003.xhtml ===

 Notes on Usage: 
 
 Notes on Usage: 
 I 'VE MADE MY OWN OUTLINE and notes in studying Schwartz' classic. I won't be necessarily separating his text from my own. I may or may not set off his text in quotes or with other emphasis. This is to make the book as readable and usable for you as possible. 
 While Schwartz set these principles down, the ideas themselves are universal and may be discovered in other texts. 
 This is a review, not a book of excerpts. The reason is to bring these principles to life again, to make them available for your success. 
 This book doesn't follow Schwartz' original structure. It is a study aid. I've rearranged his concepts (slightly) in order to make more logical sense of them. This review is no substitute for thorough reading and studying his original book (see that link above and in the Bibliography). 
 
=== c004.xhtml ===

 How to Study This Book 
 
 How to Study This Book 
 I NSIDE ONE OF Gary Halbert's old newsletters ( http://calm.li/HalbertHandsOnExp ) was the secret to mastering effective breakthrough copywriting. 
 Schwartz' book is one of a series of classic books that keep showing up on Halbert's and every legendary copywriter's list of must-reads out there. But just reading them or having them on your shelf for reference won't enable you to internalize their breakthroughs for your own use. 
 Right there in Halbert's article are the methods that continue to prove out – the simple three steps that have made and continue to make top-flight copywriters. 
 The reason for all this is, again, to transmute the data in this book you are reading, plus the other widely-recommended few, into a native facility. Skills you use instinctively, consistently, and habitually – from this moment until the end of time, if not longer. 
 Starting now. 
 The proven steps to study internalize these are to follow Halbert's advice: 
 
 1. Read the classics (see bibliography) once through, each. 
 *2. Schedule your day to start spending some time each day writing out the truly great ads long-hand – in your own handwriting . This will enable you to learn by doing, to absorb the text on a personal basis. (*Key – this is coming up repeatedly as the one step that separates the also-rans from the top-flight copywriters.) Use “The 100 Greatest Advertisements” by Julian Watkins to start with. 
 3. Then go back and study these classics through once again – taking notes and dog-earing, tabbing, bookmarking, highlighting all the points you see as key. You'll see even more the third time and every subsequent time after that. Start re-reading all these at least once annually. 
 Halbert included more added steps, but those three steps will put you right on the road to success. Unlimited success. 
 Good Luck. 
 
=== c005.xhtml ===

 A Mini-Course in Breakthrough Advertising 
 
 A Mini-Course in Breakthrough Advertising 
 1– Why Only Analyzed Solutions Work 
 E UGENE SCHWARTZ LAYS out the premise and breakthrough of his classic “Breakthrough Advertising”within the few pages of its introduction: 
 
 “I've written this book – not from the mail order perspective alone – but from the universal problem of all copy writing: How to write a headline – and an ad that follows it – that will open up an entirely new market for its product. 
 “An ad that will give a new product immediate profit; that will give an old product a brand-new slant; that will give a competitively-battered product a new weapon – not only to protect itself against its imitators but to actually damage or destroy the loyalty of their following. 
 “These objectives cannot be achieved by following somebody else's formula – no matter how successful it was for them. they demand creativity they demand a brand-new headline; a brand new approach to the market: a literal advertising 'breakthrough.' Hence the title of this book. 
 “This, then, is a practical book – of practical rules that produce, and exploit, creativity – and that are meant to pay off on the very first ad. 
 “In copy writing there are the hopes and fears and desires of millions upon millions of men and women, all over the world. And the copy writer does not create the desire of millions of women all over America to lose weight; but he can channel that desire onto a particular product, and make its owner a millionaire.” 
 The key point Schwartz makes here is the same one which is driving Internet Marketing as a subject down into a very deep hole: 
 •  There are millions if not billions of variations of the basic human desires. 
 •  As forces of human nature, no two desires are exactly alike. 
 •  While it is simpler to think of these in terms of a few, realize that for every niche – no matter how small – these each have subtle variations which have to be discovered and channeled onto your product. 
 •  But only one specific mass desire can be channeled in any ad for a single product. 
 Schwartz explains: 
 
 “And the same advertising appeal, that builds an industry in reducing (weight loss), collapses completely when applied to health foods, even though both advertisements may reach exactly the same audience. 
 “Why? Because no formula works twice. Each and every formula is simply the written solution to a particular problem that occurred in the past. Change even one part of that problem, and you need an entirely different formula. That's why... rewriting somebody else's headlines won't make you a copy writer. 
 “What will work? Innovation, of course. Continuous, repeated innovation. A steady stream of new ideas – fresh new solutions to new problems. Created – not by the impossible route of memory – but by analysis. 
 “And what is analysis? Analysis is the art of asking the right questions and letting the problem dictate the right answers. It is the technique of the break-through. And it can be learned – just as surely as grammar, mathematics or spelling. 
 “The first part of this book is about analysis, applied to the profession of copy writing. Its basic thesis is this: 
 “Every new market – every new product – every new advertisement is a fresh new problem that never existed before on the face of this earth. 
 “Past advertising successes – no matter how brilliant – can provide no answers for this new problem. They can only furnish jump-off points, yardstick questions, approximate solutions to lead you into the right direction. 
 “The correct solution, the right headline, the perfect ad lies buried in the problem itself. It has never been written before. It cannot be produced by rote, carbon-copying or mutations. 
 “But it can be sprung to the surface – automatically – by asking the right questions.” 
 Most Internet Marketing simply tells you how to build a sales page by using “swipe files”. What they don't tell you is that these sales pages only ever really worked on a certain audience of customers for one specific product. Borrowing them for another product, especially in a different niche, just makes them less and less effective with every re-use. 
 According to Schwartz, they only ever really worked effectively just once . 
 He lays out the three levels of creative copywriting: 
 Word Substitution – most widespread and ineffective. Taking a list of successful headlines, you then change a word or two and hope for the best. They aren't tailor-made to the current market demands. Those headlines only remind you of another product that went before. 
 Formulas – the copywriter memorizes a series of principles and pours his product headline and body copy through these. These rules say how a headline is expressed, how the copy must flow. What they don't tell you is what to do for that particular desire or that particular product for that particular audience. 
 Analysis - this implies that there is only a single solution to every product, every ad. It means hard work of studying your product and your market and your prospects – each and every time you get an assignment. It is not easy. It is not fast. But it works as well as you invest yourself into that solution. 
 Remember: When all you have is a single hammer, every problem is a nail needing your one solution. “Breakthrough Advertising” gives you a complete toolbox of tools. 
 Why do you need more than a single formula? People are wising up as they read or watch or listen to more and more ads. It's become the buyer's market, not the seller's. One explanation of this likens these two styles as the difference between a harpoon or a net. 
 
 “One school hammers the reader with red headlines, yellow highlighting, and aggressive copy that grips the reader like a terrier shaking a squirrel. 
 “The other school develops a compelling personal voice, nurtures a relationship with the reader, and uses soft-sell techniques to nudge the reader down the path to purchase.” 
 Schwartz' use of analysis says you could actually use either style, but the key point is to do your research to begin with – and find what your customer actually wants. You will be finding the key desire and then honing your copy to encourage and promote your product or service as the solution to that desire. 
 In addition to writing style differences, in our own Internet age, the time it takes a reader to reject your copy is extremely short now. This has been attributed (falsely) to a “shortening attention span”. Recall the datum that humankind has hardly changed at all in the last 10,000 years. The fast rejection rate is actually because we are deluged with ads, tempted and stung by scams, and swamped with images and demands for our time and money. The reader is being educated every time they open a magazine, browse the Internet, wait through trailers for the movie or podcast to start. People now can spot advertising bunk within split-seconds. Markets and buyers have matured and become more sophisticated. 
 Dissatisfaction with all this constant bombardment of ads has developed a new market demand for “minimalism”, “tiny homes”, and deliberate living. In short – accepting few, if any buying opportunities. 
 This new normal of ad-blocking doesn't close doors, but rather opens them wide with opportunities to get our product or service known and acquired by our targeted clients. The mass desire to find more happiness in life, to get more of what you and everyone wants individually, this desire has only been sharpened by the huge amount of poor ads out there. People still want to improve their lives. They still want advice on where to find products that will do that. 
 The huge slog of poor ads out there just means we have to create even more precise marketing, but reject anywhere we've been told there is only one formula to do this. Now we can use Schwartz' book (and the guide you are reading) to break this logjam. We can find our success in spite of the poor examples and bad advice we have already swallowed that explain “modern” or “Internet Age” copywriting and marketing. 
 Using this guide to study Schwartz' original masterwork, can bring us to the point of doing what marketing and copywriting is supposed to provide as a service: 
 ...to find and promote the highest possible quality services and products to people – so they can buy and use them to improve their lives and become/achieve everything they want. 
 The surprising result is that you will be able to dissect any ad in split-seconds – not just rejecting it outright, but studying each one in terms of what is its mass desire, what are the claims, what are the mechanisms it's describing, how it persuades (or fails) to get the viewer/listener to act, and how it could be improved. 
 Moral: 
 Analysis is the key - copywriting is not just using a hack “formula” that everyone else uses. Every product pitch requires a breakthrough of its own. 
 2 – How to Avoid Advertising and Marketing Failures 
 A D-BLOCKERS. WHY DO people use them? I do. So I had to ask myself that question. 
 Answer: I don't like being interrupted by nonsense. 
 Every day, I set goals for myself, jobs to do, things to get done. But when I get a telemarketer calling, or pop-up ad on my screen, they interrupt my work-process. 
 So I block them. If someone calls me that's not on my contact list, then they get blocked. (And my phone is on vibrate only and not nearby. If the call is important, I'll return it – when I'm not working .) 
 You and I don't need distractions. Life is short enough already. 
 On the other hand, when does marketing and advertising work? When you are already looking for something like they're presenting. 
 Is it that simple? 
 Yes. 
 Schwartz says that good advertising is based on Mass Desires. He defines those as the “mass spread of a private want”. Meaning – there is something I want out there and someone has produced a product that will help me become or attain that want I need filled. 
 The problem with most advertising is that it's really schlock. (You can fill in any other word you want there.) 
 Why don't I visit Facebook or Amazon or even the Google search engine to get my work done? They are rife with useless ads that don't give me products I need or want. They are ad- sponsored . So they plug ads in everywhere they can. And the vast majority of those ads are crud. (Sure I use search engines – just not those with ads, or who steal my personal usage data.) 
 Most advertising is “schlock” because copywriters, advertising managers, and even CEO's won't look up and study the classic books on copywriting and advertising. 
 One of these ignored classics is “Breakthrough Advertising”. (And there is a list in the back of this to help you find the most recommended other classics.) 
 These core data have been known since ads were first invented (some were even found posted on newly-excavated walls of Pompeii...) 
 A department store tycoon at the turn of the last century, John Wanamaker, is also famous for his complaint about advertising: “ Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is I don't know which half”. 
 By the quality of advertising today, anyone can estimate that it's far more than half-wasted these days. The vast bulk of ads out there are wasted marketing dollars. 
 You need only go to the massive ad buys for the Super Bowl to see the gargantuan waste of advertising money that can't accurately be measured for any actual return on investment (ROI). 
 Instead, you'll see excuses being offered as “brand awareness” and “corporate goodwill”. Advertising awards are now based on how entertaining any ad is, without regard to how effective they were in sales. 
 Ads should be designed as “salesmanship in print” (or video, or audio) – and so an ad is only as effective as it sells . That's the only viable metric – did sales increase ? 
 And that's the reason I made this review and field guide. Because the most-effective advertising how-to books have already been out there for decades and, in some cases, over a century. They are commonly ignored as “old-fashioned” now – yet humanity hasn't really changed in our 10,000-year history and before. The core tenets of salesmanship haven't changed because people haven't changed. The best marketers of the ages deserve your study. 
 Schwartz' classic has been available over half a century now by itself. But no one else has come close to understanding his breadth of proved knowledge about this subject. 
 And, like the other classic books, you can find these principles scattered through various other marketing books. The classic books are repeatedly recommended by other marketers because they worked for them. Reinventing the wheel when you have several perfectly good ones sitting in your library, is a waste of your life-time. 
 How to Quit Wasting Advertising and Marketing Dollars 
 D ON'T BE LIKE WANAMAKER . Make all your ads pay for themselves. How? Simple: study the classics. Over and over and over. Again, there's maybe a dozen books that lay out all you need to know. The rest is studying the markets you are trying to reach. 
 And for copywriters, there's a small set of long-lasting ads that ran for decades with minor changes. There are many like this. The reason these ads ran that long was simple – they kept getting sales. 
 Once you internalize those, and also understand how they work – then you can duplicate their success. Routinely. 
 Sure, there will always be books that explain the technical details of how to use the latest new platform to run your ads. How many characters they allow you, how to decide on your ad spend, etc. Those books are describing the temporary changes, which books will be out of date or needing updating next year. The true classics tell you the constant principles that are timeless . 
 There are no valid reasons that you can't create your own successful ads that run for months, years, or even decades to promote a given product. You can do this provided that mass desire is still in vogue – and you follow Schwartz' advices to keep your ad effective as that market and your prospects mature in awareness and sophistication. 
 Even 50 years after Schwartz wrote his masterwork, these principles it contains are still broadly unknown. While the copywriters, marketers, and execs who know these basics can rake in thousands of sales income for every dollar of advertising budget they spend. This book has made millionaires out of people who never even write copy. 
 Because they now know after reading his book 
 
 •  how to find a market for their product, 
 •  how to determine the awareness and sophistication of that market, and 
 •  how to tailor their product to it with a good ad – or hire copywriters that can. 
 This field guide doesn't replace getting your own copy of Schwartz' book and completely dissecting it. (I'd recommend to go the extra expense of making photocopies of those printed pages and assembled into a loose-leaf binder of letter-sized pages so you can underline, highlight, tab, and dog-ear those print-outs all you want. And save your hardback edition for reference and display.) 
 Because Schwartz isn't a one-time read-and-absorb book. He will mention the use of a single principle as a solution for a particular problem early on, and then describe how that principle works several dozen pages later in a different scenario. 
 The point is to recognize the basic principles for themselves, then the various patterns which are built from combinations of these principles will be more effective for you. And more profitable. 
 Again, like the rest of these classics, you'll want to absorb them and then re-study them at least once every year to glean even more, leveraging your more-recent experiences. Every time you start a new calendar or day-planner – mark out a point where you should start restudying for that year. 
 This is true for marketing executives, or even one-man-show's with their own home business. Marketing is the core of success in any of life's endeavors. 
 Learning marketing basics is then the core training for success in life. 
 And to become a success, you need to study the truly successful. 
 - - - - 
 M ASTERING SUCCESS AT marketing requires studying, understanding, and solving the impossible mysteries of any product's copywriting... 
 3 - Solving Impossible Copywriting Mysteries 
 A NYONE CAN USE CHEAP knock-off, copy-cat headline. The top pro's use only one universal solvent for and and every copywriting puzzle. 
 Eugene Schwartz laid out that solution, starting in his “Breakthrough Advertising” Introduction with the following points: 
 
 •  Every new market – every new product – every new advertisement is a fresh new problem that never existed before on the face of this earth. 
 •  The correct solution, the right headline, the perfect ad – all lie buried in the problem itself. 
 •  But that solution can be sprung to the surface by asking the right questions. 
 •  That solution comprises the first part of your ad – its headline. 
 •  The remainder of that ad is presented in the body copy, and is built out of your research notes from finding that solution. 
 •  One cannot do its work without the other. Both are vital. 
 Schwartz' book lays out his general prescription for asking and resolving these copywriting problems. 
 And despite how great that book is, it's just the tip of the iceberg. 
 So this field guide. 
 The mastery of Schwartz' materials lies in understanding them thoroughly. 
 Because no one else in all of advertising has covered even half of his materials. 
 The underlying trick is in knowing what the “right questions” are. 
 Schwartz' material is dense. And the “great” copywriters have spent a lifetime of trial-and-error to discover a version of them on their own. 
 That trick is within the goal of the the copywriter, where they only work to “take the hopes, dreams, fears and desires that already exist in the hearts of millions of people, and focus those already existing desires onto a particular produc t.” 
 First Action – Selecting A Mass Desire 
 W HAT IS A MASS DESIRE ? It is the public spread of a private want. 
 The effectiveness of any ad copy doesn't come from the words used – it comes from the single mass desire that is attached and honed to a thirsty demand through the headline and copy of that ad. 
 Where this becomes interesting and profitable to marketers and copywriters is the point where a significant number of people share a private desire – significant enough numbers to pay for development, promotion, and distribution of a product which fulfills that desire. That is when a market is born. 
 Again, separate the market from the marketplace – like the ancient bazaars and their modern equivalent. Every individual has private wants. When these coalesce into a common, public spread – only then we have a mass desire . 
 Since mass desires are shared by thousands to millions to tens of millions of people, they can take years to develop. Those desires are created by social, economic, and technological forces. Promoting and marketing can then tap and amplify every dollar spent into fifty or even five thousand. 
 Of course, that Amplification Effect can only take place when advertising exploits an already-existing mass desire. 
 What Creates Any Mass Desire? 
 S CHWARTZ NARROWED THEIR creation to two forces: Permanent forces and forces of Change. 
 Permanent Forces are derived from 
 a) Mass Instinct – like health, attractiveness, virility. These desires are timeless, built-in to the human experience. The only changes you notice are in the various products made available and how they are tuned-in to those desires. 
 b) a Mass Technological Problem , which is resolution to the new problems that our evolving technologies work to resolve. People can have various gizmo's and machines and foods and medicines in their lives, each by their own choice, in order to make their lives longer or easier. 
 These two forces are ever-present, and as old as the history of our species. 
 Forces of Change – essentially “Styles”. 
 a) These are Trends that start up, increase, stabilize, and gradually decline or restart. These are mercurial and have to be tracked with regular attention and study. 
 b) They are reinforced by Mass Education – schools, movies, radio, TV, and also the mass volumes and quality of advertising itself. Education is composed of forces that are beyond any available advertising budget to create on its own. Again, advertising can only effectively tap into already existing specific desires. 
 Those two forces are named or implied in the headline. Then the body copy narrows and tunes the approach. 
 To tap into mass desires, to make the most effective headlines and body copy, you have to analyze the specific product you are offering and discover its claims. 
 Three Dimensions of Any Mass Desire's Power 
 E VERY MASS DESIRE HAS three dimensions: 
 Urgency, intensity, demand for satisfaction. 
 Staying power, degree of repetition, inability to be satiated. 
 Scope – the number of people who share this desire. 
 While any product will have several desires that it can be attached to, only the dominant one will produce the largest possible return for the advertising dollar. 
 And while you might at first only want to target a small subset of the possible prospects for this product – a “splinter market” – the steps of researching your product to extract the claims and then selecting your mass desire are needed in every case. 
 Second Action - Analyzing Your Product 
 T HE SECRETS TO SCHWARTZ ' analysis process is found in his two (included) talk transcripts. 
 1. Keep a regular monitor on all the popular media to be aware of mass desires . Tabloid magazines, movies, bestselling books. Media that people have to pay to acquire or view. What passes for “social media” may be too mercurial to analyze for profitable trends. Any of several online trend analysis tools may or may not be of long term use in helping you determine these – and are hard-pressed to determine profitability . The key here is to develop a greater personal understanding and an innate sense of what is driving our culture in that snapshot of time. 
 2. Analyze the product itself and find its claims . If a book, you'll note the written claims made by the author. If it's a physical product, you have to find the claims by interviewing and studying everything about it, from its manufacturing process, packaging, and delivery methods. Note all of these down. 
 3. Study and research the claims to find the mechanisms . During your study of the product, you'll also find explanations of how things work. The product itself has two sets of attributes 
 
 a) the physical : what it actually looks like, how well it works and 
 b) the functional : how it does what it does best to help the prospect attain that desire. 
 Both of these product attributes must be studied to find what can be used in your copy to heighten that desire for attainment to the prospect. 
 Again, you select one mass desire, one key claim, one underlying mechanism and align these through your headline and copy. Once you have these aligned, you have your theme. And then can massage your headline and copy to align to that “sales pitch in print” that will attract and engage the prospect forward to purchase your product. 
 Keep track of all your research, since this will be needed as both your prospect and market each mature in awareness and sophistication. 
 And once more – this short mention is only an aid to studying Schwartz' book. This is a field guide, not a replacement for his text. 
 Then you'll be able to take a beer like Schlitz from fifth-selling to a first-place tie by describing its specific quality manufacturing process. Or like Rolls-Royce, where “the only sound you hear at 60 mph is the electric clock ticking”. Or a grammar course which pointedly asks “Do You Make These Mistakes in English?” 
 The trick is to align the claim and its mechanism with the most appropriate and most powerful mass desires. Several of these might apply. Your job is to align your ad with the most powerful desire to get the best amplification results. Your work is to select the best claim and mechanism and amplify these through your copy's theme – to match the Desires, Identifications, and existing Beliefs of the Prospect. 
 Those three dimensions of thought and feeling are the next study... 
 4 - The Heart of Copywriting 
 S CHWARTZ AND OTHER copywriters immersed themselves in our culture, recommending that you get subscriptions to the most popular magazines, and you buy and read the blockbuster books, and you see all the most popular movies several times. 
 All to help you spot the mass desires where they occur. Where those migrated from a private want into a mass desire that drives the markets. 
 The first half of Breakthrough Advertising is devoted to the headline. The second half is devoted to the rest of the copy. And a single chapter named “The Final Touches” (which should have been elevated to a Part on its own) is how to put everything together and make it work. 
 Right at the beginning of the second part is a list of key elements that enable copywriting to attract, grab, and hold onto the reader: 
 Three Dimensions of Thought and Feeling 
 C OPYWRITING AND ALL Marketing parallels the mind. Your mind, my own, everyone's. The successful ad reaches into and persuades the person based on what is already built into their mind – from their entire lifetime of influences and education – which may have even  started prenatally. 
 Schwartz lays out the three key part of your prospects minds in Chapter 6 of his book. Then he follows up on these with a separate chapter for each. 
 Here's the overview: 
 1. Desires 
 Y OU ALREADY PICKED these out during your research to select your headline. Through the rest of the body copy, you'll need to build, expand, and sharpen them for your prospect. Again, you can't create these out of whole cloth. No person or company has the budget to re-educate the buying public – even in small splinter markets – to have a desire. 
 Your only task with your ad is to find and expand your prospect's existing want, to sharpen their desire, to get them to picture their complete fulfillment of what they want. 
 You want your prospects visualizing themselves as already having the physical need resolved, the material want acquired. 
 Every prospect has to feel the satisfaction, the relief, the pride of achieving or acquiring or attaining what it is that they most want in life. 
 You need to inspire them to action by whetting their appetite to act from what they have always wanted. 
 Chapter 7 of “Breakthrough Advertising” shows you 13 ways to strengthen their desires through your ad copy. 
 2. Identifications 
 A FTER THE SECOND WORLD War, a major shift evolved in advertising. While the obvious gratification from material goods was obvious, a more subtle set of desires came into play. Perhaps due to the sheer abundance of products available from the excess of manufacturing capacity as that war wound down. Once physical needs are routinely being fulfilled, a different desire drives buying. 
 Schwartz tentatively named this new type of desire as the “Longing for Identification”. 
 There are two types of Identification people seek. These are Character Roles. People no longer buy objects only for the material satisfaction, but also to define themselves to others around them. Your purchases tell your friends and associates who you are. 
 a) Character Roles : In short, this is what people want to be. More often, they are never put into words fully. They are also trained into the subconscious. These are the realm of your prospect's fantasies. Often, they can only be described by adjectives and modifiers. 
 Marlboro cigarettes were sold in terms of virility. Virginia Slims displayed femininity. Study the difference between a Starbucks Latte, and a McDonald's McLatte. Often an ad will contain only visual images to reinforce this subtle role the prospect wants to perform in their life. 
 Your product isn't just filling a functional need, but identifies his character to everyone else. Why would one buy a tricked-out sport car based on acceleration and cornering when a small subcompact would get him safely and economically to work every day? 
 There are people who continually buy yet another expensive self-improvement course binder which only go onto their shelves, displayed prominently in their living room and seldom, if ever opened. Just as the 2008 recession was created by extending loans for a few thousand square-foot homes that could never be repaid. Or our our current trends for minimalism and tiny homes that are barely a hundred square feet of living space for a couple or small family. 
 These homes and products loudly tell the roles those prospects are playing at a glance. 
 b) Achievement Roles : Again, the product shows the attainment of status by those prospects. A “modern home maker” has the latest and newest appliances as well as entertainment centers and other gizmo's. Drapes, sheets, comforters, throw pillows – all these say the home owner is up-to-date and follows fashions, trends. They may have huge closets of clothes that are regularly updated regardless of wear. 
 These also say “rising executive” when they have an expensive touring sedan and perhaps also a sporty, classic convertible for weekend jaunts. 
 Whole neighborhoods are defined by the size and decorations of homes that fit their image as professionals. Schools their children attend are selected for “prestige” and not just quality of eduction. A certain zip code in Los Angeles even inspired a long-running TV show just about the type of lifestyle the “rich and famous” lived. 
 What you own speaks volumes about what you've achieved in your life, what social role we play, where we live on the “pecking order” of our culture and society. 
 3. Beliefs 
 O UR MINDS ARE ALSO predisposed to believe those ideas, and their representations, that we already have embraced. 
 Advertisers can try to run against these “prejudices” which only slowly change over the years. Because our inner worlds have been built in our subconscious with models that we follow. And we surround ourselves with objects that reflect our beliefs. 
 Habits are an indicator of these. Any habit can be changed with daily, disciplined new actions to replace old ones. But will take a minimum of nearly a month, and usually several months to completely replace. Smoking and obesity are both more habitual in nature than physical. Fast food is marketed with sugar, fat, and salt – despite generations of education about what a “balanced diet” consists of. 
 Convenience and “instant gratification” only works when other beliefs back these up – and the prospect is rewarded for filling beliefs they already have. 
 - - - - 
 T HESE THREE ELEMENTS : Desires, Identifications, Beliefs – work together with equal parts of emotion and thought. All to enable anyone to reinforce the world they want around them. 
 These then start to explain why people decide their purchases emotionally and justify their purchases with rational explanations after the fact. 
 The copywriter and marketer need to weave in these three elements through all their advertising headline and copy to achieve real success. 
 5 - The Two Questions You Must Ask First 
 P ROBABLY THE MOST VITAL breakthrough Gene Schwartz developed as he wrote the book was based on just two elements and their maturity. Both of these may seem obvious to someone who has a long history in copywriting. 
 The maturity of the prospect (awareness) 
 The maturity of the market (sophistication) 
 Maturity of the Prospect (Awareness) 
 P ROSPECTS MATURE AS they are exposed to and become more aware of various products and their marketing. These parallel the market maturity, but have important differences. 
 1. Most aware 
 K NOWS OF THE PRODUCT and what it does and that they want it. 
 This is the simplest and probably rarest situation you can find. All you need to do is to state the name of the product, a bargain price, and where to find it. This doesn't even really need a copywriter. 
 2. Knows about the product but doesn't want it 
 Y OUR PROSPECT ISN'T completely aware or convinced of all your product does, how well it does it, or how much better it does it now. 
 The vast bulk of all advertising occurs in this area. 
 Actions you can take are to bring the prospect up to speed: 
 
 - reinforce your prospects desire 
 - sharpen his image of the way your product satisfies 
 - extend his image of where and when your product satisfies 
 - introduce new proof, details, documentation 
 - announce a new mechanism in that product to enable it to satisfy that desire even better, that eliminates former limitations, and/or change the image or the mechanism of that product to set it apart from competition. 
 3. New Product 
 T HE PROSPECT ALREADY knows, or recognizes they want what the product does. But doesn't know your specific product will do it for him. 
 In this case you simply pinpoint the desire in your ad, and crystallize it as well as its solution. The results is that every prospect will recognize it the moment it hits their radar. 
 4. Products That Solve Needs 
 H ERE, THE PROSPECT has a need and not a want. Practically, this is a similar approach as above. 
 You should name the need/solution in your headline. Follow that by dramatizing the need vividly. So they realize just how badly they need your solution. Your product in now the inevitable solution to their need. 
 5. A Completely Unaware Market 
 T HE PROSPECT IS NOT aware of his desire/need – or won't admit it. 
 Their need might be so general and undefined that it resists being summed up in a single headline. And it could be a secret that escapes being verbalized. 
 Your solution is to write an identification headline. 
 Emphasize the character role your prospect wants most – whether something they want to be or have/achieve/attain. Your product then becomes a symbol or representation to them of the character role they seek to play out in their life. 
 - - - - 
 Maturity of the Market (Sophistication) 
 1a. First in Your Market 
 T HE DREAM OF ANY MARKETER is to arrive in an un-tapped market. 
 This still happens, often due to technological breakthroughs or a radical improvement, or perhaps a manufacturing improvement that allows prices to be drastically lowered. 
 Sometimes, this is where a new application is found for a product – as where Ovaltine was originally developed for insomnia, then became a food for body-builders, then a children's after-school snack. 
 Here you only have to provide the need or claim in your headline. 
 1b Direct claim is still working 
 O THER PRODUCTS SUPPLY the demand with that same claim. 
 Here you enlarge on how well your product fulfills the claim – how much better than any competition. 
 2a Prospects have heard all the claims 
 A ND THEY'VE ALSO HEARD all the extremes of how they are filled. 
 Now you need to show a new mechanism – show how the product fulfills that claim in a new way. 
 2b More elaboration and enlargement 
 A NEW MECHANISM HAS been introduced by a competitor. 
 If this is producing sales, then you now simply elaborate or enlarge upon that successful new mechanism. 
 3 Reviving a "Dead" Product 
 Y OUR PRODUCT, AS WELL as its claims, and mechanisms, are perhaps “too” well known. All versions of these have played out with your prospects and are no longer believed. 
 Now your headline and copy shifts from what the product does and how – over to identifying with the prospect themselves. Your product now becomes a representation of what the prospect wants to become or achieve. It becomes an identity symbol. 
 Solving the Commodity Markets 
 Certain markets have been developed that deal in only commodities. 
 Breaking out of these markets into splinter markets are necessary. This is “branding”. Your product has to be researched for what claims it has, what desires it fills, what mechanisms it uses to fill those desires. Even what identifications it fulfills. 
 Again, your market has to be researched for a subset where there are enough buyers to make advertising profitable. A smaller company can lower advertising costs with a smaller market, and so compete against large national brands. You'll need to rework your entire ad from headline down, even through choice of distribution to achieve a more profitable operation. 
 The point here is that it can be done. Organic farming became a splinter market from commodity farming. Demand for more wholesome, less generic produce has brought “heritage” vegetables and fruit back from extinction. Certain breeds of livestock are marketed by their specific look, which profitably fights the commodity auction market prices for “all-black” generic beef animals. 
 Your earlier success examples are where carbonated soft drinks continue to separate themselves from generic “cola” and “lemon-lime” also-rans. 
 - - - - 
 W ITH ALL THIS SAID , do you still have questions of where to find your own breakthroughs in advertising? Where to begin may be simpler than you think... 
 6 - Where to Find Your Breakthroughs 
 S CHWARTZ' CLASSIC IS not an easy study. These five lessons above are simply short summaries of data that sometimes is explained across and between several chapters. 
 Again, your own mileage will depend on your study of this and other classics – to boil down and internalize the principles and patterns of these author's experience into a working philosophy you can employ. 
 “No one school has all the teachers” goes a ancient Oriental maxim. So having and regularly re-studying even a small library of proved marketers is a must to succeed in any marketing. 
 Just to summarize the high points of what we've covered: 
 
 •  Out of the three types of copywriting practiced today, only real analysis will help you develop the breakthrough headlines and copy you'll need to rise above the bulk of marketers out there – to attain the profitable results you are looking for. 
 •  Conventional advertising is educating your prospects to more quickly reject poor ads faster than ever before. Because Sturgeon's Law applies: “90% of everything out there is crud.” 
 •  Research and study the markets you want to enter. Research and study your product to extract the claims and mechanisms your product has, in order to fulfill the strongest desire your product represents. Build your headline from that desire, build your copy from your claims and mechanisms. Then align these to a theme that will appeal to the beliefs of your prospect and inspire them to take action. 
 •  Mass desires are the public spread of a private want – and are derived from mass instinct and mass technological problems. They appear as trends and are reinforced by mass education. The three dimensions of any mass desire's power are its urgency, its staying power, and its scope – how many people share it. No company has the budget to re-educate even a small market to accept a new desire. 
 •  Your mass desire has enough prospects in that market to make advertising profitable. While your product will fulfill many desires, there is only one that you can use in any ad – the strongest or most effective for that product at that time. 
 •  Ads and Marketing rely on your ads to fulfill the desires, identifications, and beliefs of your prospect. 
 •  Identifications are in the form of roles. The two types are Character and Achievement. What people want to be and what they want to have. The product becomes symbolic of those roles. 
 •  Markets and Prospects mature. Both start out with unknown products and un-named desires, then mature through being introduced to new and later expanded claims and mechanisms to ultimately becoming identified with their lifestyle. 
 Through these principles and patterns, you can develop your own workable system that will in turn help you to weather any competitive market you enter, and to learn from your own and other's mistakes. 
 You'll start analyzing every ad and piece of copy you see. You'll find where they keep you involved and where your interest drops off. 
 You'll see that while the big successes you know of each have effective marketing as a basic tool, the most effective marketing has effective copywriting as its stable base. The better your copywriting, the greater your success. 
 And you improve your copywriting through continual study, regular practice, and precise analysis. 
 It's all just that simple. 
 
=== c006.xhtml ===

 Breakthrough Advertising Secrets 
 
 Breakthrough Advertising Secrets 
 
 Notes on a talk given by Gene Schwartz to Phillips Publishing on Oct 8, 1993 
 - - - - 
 I WANT TO EXPLAIN WHAT I’m doing here. I have two goals. My first goal is to help you as much as I can. 
 My second goal is to make myself transparent. This is a mystical experience which we undergo every so often. I don’t know whether you’ve tried it. It’s marvelous. If you work with a computer - a good computer, lots of bytes - you can say to the computer, "Solve this problem for me." When it does, you can then say, "Make yourself transparent to me. How did you solve this problem?" Then the computer will then go back every step and show you how it reached its solution. 
 The computer cannot lie. It doesn’t have that circuit built in. We have a very large number of lying circuits built into us. Now what I’m going to try to do is take the lying circuits and move them over here and be transparent. That means I’m going to answer any question, give you all the information I can, completely honestly. And we’ll see how that works because that’s the only way I can possibly impart anything of value to any of you. 
 Now, I know you’re extremely fine professionals and much of what I say for the first ten minutes is going to be too elementary for you. But I cannot discuss anything unless I go over the very, very, very, very beginning. 
 Okay. This is a timer. It is the most valuable thing I ever bought in my life. I go nowhere in the world without a timer. Whenever I do anything, I press in "3, 3, 3, 3". That means 33 minutes and 33 seconds. I then press the start button. Now we’re going to speak for 33.33 minutes. 
 Now, why do I do this? Because I don’t think anyone can work for a very long period of time without interruption. And if you do, you exhaust yourself too quickly. When a posse used to chase a criminal out West where I come from, Butte, Montana, (very important fact) the horse thief would ride for an hour, and then he’d get off and walk the horse for an hour, and then he’d get on the horse again and ride. 
 And the posse would ride for an hour behind him, get off the horse and walk an hour, and then ride. Why wouldn’t the posse go faster? 
 Because the horse would be exhausted and drop dead. Okay, your mind has a way of dropping dead on you. So what we do is we give it this 33.33 minutes and this gives us room for inspiration to sneak in. 
 Okay, that’s Number One. Number Two is the fact that I come from Butte, Montana. Now, you’ve probably come from a lot of different places rather than this particular place. I was very fortunate to be born in Butte, Montana. It’s a very small town of 30,000 people. I grew up there. I left when I was 15. I live in Manhattan - I lead an extremely sophisticated life in Manhattan. I try never to lose the Butte, Montana in me. Because the Butte, Montana in me is everybody in this huge country of ours. 
 Now, I don’t know how many of you read the National Enquirer every week. I don’t know how many of you go to every film that makes over $100 million and see every one of them. You cannot lose touch with the people of this country, no matter how successful or how potent you are. If you don’t spend at least two hours a week finding out where your market is today, you are finished! You will have a career of three blazing years and be finished. 
 Here's A Summary: 
 Gene Schwartz’s rules of great copywriting are in fact the rules of great marketing and great editorial. And, yes, Schwartz says, these are rules, and I'll expound upon them: Be the best listener you ever met. 
 Work extremely intensely, in spurts. Never "create"- know the product to the core and combine the details in new ways. Write to the chimpanzee brain, simply, directly. 
 Channel demand - never sell. Think about what your product "does", not "is"- and demonstrate this. 
 Make gratification instantaneous. Failing often, and testing big differences, shows you are trying hard enough. 
 "If any writer has set the tone and style for successfully marketing books to consumers, it is Eugene Schwartz. His packages not only sell millions of books for them, but also provide an inspiring model for everyone. No writer in the business can match Schwartz’s energy, intensity, and ability to pile benefits on top of benefits on top of benefits. Two of Schwartz’s packages - for Dick Benson’s Wellness Encyclopedia and Rodale’s Secrets of Executive Success - have an astonishing 299 separate and distinct benefits to the buyer in the former and 237 in the latter."-Denny Hatch 
 Talk Little, Listen Much 
 S O GO AND GET IN TOUCH with your people. Don’t lose that. 
 Talk to every cab driver you meet. Speak to everyone you can. Be the best listener you have ever met. Talk little, listen much. That is your market talking. 
 You don’t have to have great ideas if you can hear great ideas. Marty Edelson is the owner of Boardroom, Inc., which is a business about the same size as yours: $100 million a year. He came to me with $3,500 in his pocket, and I told him I’d have to charge him $2,500 as a copy fee, which embarrassed the devil out of me but didn’t bother him at all. And he said, "Okay, what do we do?" And I said, "Well, we can start it right now. I’m gonna sit and I’m going to listen and you’re going to talk." He talked about four hours about this crazy concept of having a thing called Boardroom - a newsletter called Boardroom. And I just sat there like you’re sitting there right now, taking notes. And when he said things I just took it down. 
 And about 30 minutes into it he said one sentence. And I took it down, and then we finished. And I said, "Well, thank you." He said, "When can you have the copy for me?" And I said "about two weeks. "He walked out. I went home. My wife takes a long time to make up. While she did that, I wrote the ad. I put in the ad from stern to stern. I couldn’t give it to him the same night because he would think it was worth nothing. So I then put it away for two weeks. And in two weeks, I sent it to him and he ran it. 
 Now, my copy was 70% his conversation. The headline was, "How To Get the Heart of 370 Business Magazines in Just 30 Minutes a Month. 
 "It was his thing. It was his idea. It was his conception. It w his as vision. All I did was write it out and give it to people. Okay. You must be in contact with your market. You must listen. You must let the ideas come to you. If you don’t let the ideas come to you, you’re going to rely too much on your own creativity. These are all fundamentals. 
 The number one rule of success in anything - marketing, football (which I’m going to talk about a lot today), chess, etc. - is work. And it’s so funny. It’s so easy to say, "Work, work, work, work, work." But I have to emphasize that to you. I was telling Richard that I have a very peculiar life. I live at home. I have no boss. I’ve never had one since the second year In was in business. In am a West-Coast person who doesn’t relate very well to the East-Coast clock, and so every morning In get up about ten and by 10:30 or 11:00, I’m ready to go to work. I work every single day of the week. I work on Saturdays and Sundays, too. I have never had a writer’s block, an editorial block, or any other kind of block. I create 12 to 15 mailing pieces a year. I never have any trouble getting started on them. I work between three and four hours a day. I work extremely intensely. I work in half-hour spurts as I’ve already told you. 
 I’ll tell you how I manage to get the work combined with creativity. It’s very simple. And I have about an 85% hit ratio. That means 85% of the ads I write pay out. 
 The Creativity Is Not In You... Never Mistake That 
 N OW, I AM OF THE OPINION that the absolutely most talented copy writer in the world, who doesn’t work very much, will be beaten by a copy cub who puts in four times as much work, because the creativity is not in you. Never mistake that. The creativity is in your market and in your product, and all you are doing is joining the two together. And the only way you can get the creativity out of your product and your market is to dig it out. 
 And the only way you can dig it out is dig it out more than anybody else digs it out. 
 I’m better, result-wise, than many great copywriters, who are better writers than In am, because In work harder than they do - and In can actually see the gaps in their working. Let me explain that. We have what In call the Super Bowl of copy. In use football metaphors, because they are apt, and In hope everybody here understands them. 
 If you don’t, I’ll translate them into other metaphors, but they work very well for me. Take Rodale. I’m not going to talk about Phillips Publishing at all here. You’re great, you’re sensational; you’re one of the greatest companies I’ve ever seen. I’ve studied you intensely, but I’m not going to talk about you because I’m going to talk about other experiences so you can relate the other strange experiences to your own and therefore broaden your scope of creativity. 
 Rodale made $315 million in sales last year. It should come close to $400 million this year. That’s just Rodale Books. A very good company. It’s done many innovative things, produces excellent books, etc. They hire two copywriters for every single new book they do. The two copywriters are sent the manuscript of the book, and they write ads. (Now, you can call them mailing pieces or anything else. I call everything ads, because I like to use short words.) We then submit the two pieces. They are laid out by Rodale’s layout department. They send the copywriters a sort of preliminary layout j - then the artist and I talk about it, fix it up, get it right. It’s sort of a Super Bowl because these are the highest-paid copywriters in America. 
 We all get lots of money. I have done that four times this year so far. 
 It’s not a Super Bowl where it’s once a year - it keeps going all the time. And you keep running up against these terribly, terribly, terribly great writers. 
 To compete in it, I read the Rodale book. Seven hundred pages. Four times. I underline the book so intensely that I get 40 or 50 pages of notes out of those readings. Those notes are then sent out to a secretary and she types up those notes so I get a precise "vocabulary." I then go over the vocabulary and begin structuring an ad. We’ll talk much more about that in a few moments. When In am finished, and I am working on the copy, I know more about the book than the editor who has produced it. Because many times at Rodale, they’ll come back to me and say, "This is not correct. This is too exaggerated, and I will say, "In combined something from page 116 with 531" and the editor goes back and he says, "Yeah, okay! It can be done! 
 Finding Those Hidden Desires 
 F IND YOUR READERS’ hidden desires. They are hidden, because your reader doesn’t want to really talk about them, but they are n the subculture, hidden culture, under-culture of our civilization. That’s why you’ve got to read the things that people buy. Anything that people buy. Vanity Fair. You’ve got to read Vanity Fair. You won’t know what’s going on unless you read Vanity Fair, People Magazine, The Weekly World News. I don’t know whether you are advocates of the Weekly World News. You’ve got to read that because it shows the extent of people’s ability to believe. 
 When you start working on the project, you go to the person who has initiated the project and you listen. You listen two ways. A person in books and publishing has probably done a lot of words on paper, so you read those. And then, if you can, you sit down with him and you just kind of turn on the tape recorder and you listen, listen, listen. 
 Nobody’s going to know more about it than you. Then you listen to people every single day of your life. You’re paid to listen. It’s a very bad profession. Very lonely profession. Because it gives you almost no chance to brag or talk about yourself. You really listen. Martin Edelson gave me a headline and theme for a whole new series of books which we have not even prepared yet because he said something at lunch the other day. 
 You listen, you pick up ideas from people. That’s where they are. If you get them talking, they will come out. Know The Product To Its Core Because I have to know that product right down to its core in order to get every single sales appeal out of it, I work harder, and therefore I make 85% winners. Okay, I guess the best guys are much better writers than I am. I’m not really that good. I haven’t got their flair. Jim Punkre’s a hundred times better than I am. So you work. You work, you work, you work. You leave nothing out. No step undone. 
 What the client gives you may be inadequate. If it is, you challenge the client. You have no client but the audience. You really don’t care about anything but the market or the process. When I’m finished I send my copy in, he sends his copy in, she sends her copy in, whoever it is. 
 The ads run. Direct mail pieces are mailed out. And I get a report back from Rodale and they say, "You out pulled Jim Punkre 146% on one ad, and he out pulled you 31% on another." You then get his copy, his mailing piece as well as your mailing piece. You then go over in great detail his approach and compare it with your own approach. It’s a very good way to learn. Very humiliating. Very enlightening. I can see where they didn’t do enough work. I can see where they lost facts. 
 And the loss of those facts stands out so clearly because I had the facts; they didn’t have the facts. Usually, I win. When you are dealing with someone of real brilliance and they do a headline, that’s absolutely beyond all belief, then you are going to have a hard time. 
 Probably you’re going to lose then no matter how many facts you have. But nevertheless, 70% of the time if the facts aren’t there, they’ll hurt you. It’s exactly as if you don’t have a piece of concrete in your building, and it collapses. 
 These are fundamentals, but they are universally applicable. If you don’t get in the facts, you’re just not going to do a top job. When you marshaled the facts, you then begin writing the copy. Now, we are specially privileged people. All of us . Because we are working in publishing. And what is given to you is not a product, but words. 
 You’ve got a constant flow of words that you are investigating. So much of your copy is already written for you. So you start with their copy and your comments and additions and inspirations from their copy, and it’s there on these 40-some pages. In your computer, on your screen and you start at the very top and you work your way down sentence by sentence and paragraph by paragraph by paragraph. It’s very easy. 
 A Very Simple Way to Make Sure You Get Down to Work 
 L ET’S TALK ABOUT THE value of it being easy. Many very brilliant writers - as well as other workers in all fields, physical and especially intellectual - have trouble getting started. They have what is probably known as a writer’s block, which is a Western phenomenon and does not occur much in the East. In Zen Buddhism for example, it doesn’t occur at all. 
 Why does it occur here and not occur there? It’s very simple. Zen Buddhists about 4,000 years ago invent ed a very simple way to make sure you get down to work. And to make sure you don’t have a block. 
 What happens when a Zen or a, let’s say, me - I’m partially Zen - starts to work? What he does is he takes out the piece of copy, and he calls it up on the computer. That is the vocabulary. All those little quotes. He then takes out a cup of coffee. The same cup of coffee every day. He swirls it around and mixes the sugar. Mixes the cream and swirls it around. Then takes out a pad and a pencil and puts it in exactly the same space. He’s not doing anything very much. Then he takes out a little timer - that crazy little device - - and punches in 33:33. I’ve been talking for 13 minutes so far. I know exactly where I am. Okay. He puts in 33 minutes and presses the start button. 
 When I press the start button, I can do anything I want. All willpower is dissolved. I can do anything I want as long as it relates to the piece of copy in front of me. I can ignore it. I don’t have to touch it. I don’t have to look at it. But I can’t get up from the desk, and I can’t do anything except ignore or relate to the piece of copy. I am not trying to write a wonderful ad. I am not trying to earn and extra million dollars. I am not trying to do anything. I have no goal whatsoever as to what that particular piece of copy is going to do for me. All I know is that I’m going to work on the copy, and I have no responsibility to the client, the copy, the prospect, the market, myself and my future except to work. 
 So finally, after a good deal of looking around - I can’t get out of the chair now, I am trapped in that chair for 33.33 minutes, I get bored. 
 So what do I do? I start reading down the copy! As I start reading down the copy, the copy says to me, "Oh, hey, aren’t I beautiful? Why don’t you pull me out and put me on top? "Or, "Why don’t you change this phraseology? It’s extremely ineptly put. Why don’t you put it into advertising terminology? "So what happens is that I begin to get into it. And without about five minutes I am working on the copy, making the ad from the copy. Okay. No block, because I am really not doing very much at that time. 
 Forty pages is a lot. The computer doesn’t like 40 pages. New computers like them better - they’ve got more bytes. But they don’t handle them well, and so we are going to have to start subdividing them into categories. The categories are going to become your letter, your flyer, and in a magalog they’re going to become one page - the little sidebars in the magalog, etc. So you begin to sort it out, and you begin to get it. As you sort things out into categories, things leap out at you. When they leap out at you, you capture them at that moment. 
 The computer has a thing called a highlighting device - the bold key - you hit the bold key, and you make them into a headline or a sub-headline. They are the points of contact, the most dramatic points of contact you have with your prospect, with your market. 
 I hope you can all see this ad. It says, "Burn Disease Out of Your Body. "Crazy. A really wild piece written in 1979. The full, headline is "How Modern Chinese Medicine Helps Both Men and Women Burn Disease Out of Your Body Using Nothing More Than the Palm of Your Hand. "Okay. This ad has been running for 14 years now, selling the book, which sold for $6.95 when it first ran and sells for $33 now. It will sell more copies this year than it ever did before. And we paid the author well over a million dollars. I wrote it as a special favor for the author because he had done a special favor for me - he gave me back the use of my right hand after I had my stroke. I paid $125 for the layout. It’s as crude as can be. I never thought the thing would sell. 
 Layout, letter, very crude, very small type. A lot of violations. We’re going to go over this in some degree of thoroughness later on. I couldn’t get anybody to run it, so I started my own business to run it. 
 And there I was. 
 How Modern Chinese Medicine Helps Both Men and Women BURN DISEASE OUT OF YOUR BODY Using Nothing More Than The Palm Of Your Hand! 
 "How to treat high blood pressure, bursitis and arthritis - and prevent them from degenerating further, or even reverse them - simply by massaging the outside of the legs in a downward way. This pose helps reduce water retention and excess weight.....cures and prevents hemorrhoids, and cures problems of the prostate, such as ...enlargement and cancer. 
 "Eventually throw your glasses away, and never need to see an eye doctor again, simply by rubbing around the eyes for a few minutes every day. "If one has strong..., they never grow old..." 
 FREE... INSTANT IMPROVEMENT 
 By applying the ...faithfully, he regulated his bowel movement, lost 40 pounds, and was filled with new energy." 
 FREE HOW TO RUB YOUR STOMACH AWAY 
 "In just a few weeks, she had lost five inches in her waist, hi ps and thigh area." MAIL ENCLOSED CARD FOR FREE COPY. I got a call from him...and he told me...that he had already lost...his best. "THE SIMPLEST AND MOST NATURAL WAY TO LOSE WEIGHT IS BY THIS EFFORTLESS TWO-MINUTE EXERCISE.” 
 By such apparently simple means, the superfluous areas of the stomach and abdomen are literally rubbed away. 
 MAILER: Instant Improvement, Inc. 
 PACKAGE: Dr. Chang’s Book of Internal Exercises 
 COPYWRITER:Eugene M. Schwartz 
 FIRST MAILED: 1979 The 9" x 12" outer envelope 
 Okay. "Burn Disease Out of Your Body Laying Flat on Your Back, Using Nothing More Than the Palm of Your Hand" are not my words. They’re the author’s words. I wrote seven paragraphs of this letter. But I had the ability to let this man speak for himself. And he still speaks to millions of Americans. We are mailing more in January than we mailed for the first eight years of the mailing. And it goes against very, very strong, strong, strong wonderful copy, including your own copy. And it still continues to do well. 
 That just about finishes the fundamentals. 
 After 33.33 minutes happen, this thing goes crazy and rings all over the place. You stop. You push the stop button. You don’t do anything from that moment on. If you are in the middle of a sentence you really leave that sent ence go. If you lose it, you lose it. That’s too bad. You are under the command of something higher than you. It’s so funny to use these metaphors. You pull yourself and push yourself back. You stand up. You now have five minutes of compulsory leisure. You are not to create any more! You are not to work anymore. You have five minutes. Now. Coffee low? We’ll have to make a new cup. Dog? Play with the dog. Go shave (if you’re a man, of course). Okay. You do something. 
 You see, you have to do something, but you can’t work. You have to engage your mind. You have to engage your intelligence. But you can’t engage your mind or your intelligence on what you have been doing. 
 Why? Because you are about to create. You have been working until that point. Now you are about to create. 
 How Does One Create? 
 N OW LET’S TALK ABOUT creation. How does one create? How does one become creative? How does one get new ideas? How does one solve problems that are intractable and cannot be solved? That you’ve worked on for weeks and thrown your hands up in despair? Well, that again is quite simple. We’ll take a few minutes on this because it’s really so valuable, and it’s so much a habit that can become cultivated, and then become rather automatic and give you a statistical proportion of hits. That means new ideas, in this case. 
 Your conscious mind is actually your focus of attention. The conscious mind is absorbed with what you are paying attention to. I’m paying attention to all of you when I’m speaking at this particular moment. 
 Your conscious mind can only hold about seven memory bytes. That’s pretty small, so you have to focus. Your conscious mind is where you focus your attention. It’s very narrow. It’s wonderful. It’s fantastic for working out syllogisms, consequences, etc. It will not create for you. 
 What is creation? Creation is a lousy word. It’s a lousy word that confuses what you really do to perform a simple little procedure. 
 Creation means create something out of nothing. In the beginning, God created Heaven and Earth. Okay, only God can do that. We can’t do that: We’re human. So let’s throw creation out, and let’s talk about connectivity. What you are trying to do is connect things together. 
 You’re trying to practice connectivity. You’re trying to get two ideas that were separate in your mind and culture before, and you are trying to put them together so they are now one thought. You want something new to come out, but new doesn’t mean it never existed before, it means never joined before. New - in every of discipline - means ne ver joined before. 
 You’ve got to trick that conscious mind because that conscious mind isn’t big enough to connect all these widespread phenomena. So what you do is you take your conscious mind and you focus it on making a new cup of coffee! That holds it there, and then ideas can kind of bleed into the back of your mind and come into the front of your mind. 
 The best example is Mozart - a most creative man, who was writing symphonies at six, seven, eight. I don’t know whether you saw the movie Amadeus. It shows very truthfully and very well how he wrote. 
 He never, ever, rewrote. He never changed. He wrote his scores in pen and ink. He never changed a note of them. They were always perfect and the highlight of his genius of course, but that doesn’t mean a thing. 
 How did he do it? Well he did it very simply. He composed at a billiard table. He would stand at the billiard table, and he would have a single white billiard ball. He would have a pen and an inkwell, and he would have the score. And he would take the white billiard ball in his left hand while he had the pen in the right hand and he would throw the white billiard ball out against the three cushions. And it would bounce off the three cushions. It’s random, how it comes back, to a certain extent. It never comes back exactly at the same place, so he had to focus on the trajectory of the billiard ball until it came back. 
 When it came back here or here or here, he had to focus on that hand being at the exact right place. Meanwhile, while his conscious mind was over here, his unconscious mind slipped the note back to him and then he had the next note. Every note was a billiard ball traveling. 
 Every note was a distraction. Every note was an addition. You’ve got to break out of that conscious prison to be unconsciously creative, which means to connect unconsciously things that haven’t been consciously connected before. 
 My greatest inspirations or creations come when I’m shaving. I am the poorest shaver. I cut myself continually, and I’m always running back and forth between the bathroom and my desk. They are right next to each other because I have to get it down before it slips away. 
 I’ll draw one of my great connections for you. A very successful ad. It says, "71-year-old man has sexual congress five times a day!" 
 Problem? This was a sexual health product. There are many sexual health problems and health products around. Everybody constantly talks about super-potency, etc., etc. They all say you can gain back everything you had. How was that going to compete in a market with a very simple, very crude mailing piece? 
 And I found I could do it by two ways. Number one, I used "sexual congress" which is a very strange way of phrasing this particular act, but which was a very typically American way in the 1890s. And number two, I talked about a 77-year-old man when I’m selling products to 40 - year-old men. I gave the extreme. I did not think of this. I had no idea of thinking of this. It came to me, in fact, when I was shaving. I put it down, and it pulled 9% on the first test! 
 Okay, those are the fundamentals. Let’s go over them again. 
 The first, most dominant, absolutely incontrovertible and indispensable fundamental is that you work harder than anybody else, therefore you make more money than anyone else. A one -to-one connection. Red Blake - coach of Army, during WWII, a great coach - said the will to win depends on the will to prepare. You gotta prepare. Prepare, prepare, prepare. You got to go over it. And on the sixth reading you’ll see the great stuff. 
 Second is the ability to get to work. If you don’t get to work you can’t make money. And you get to work simply by using techniques for thinking creatively. 
 Richard-Stanton Jones: What are some of the techniques you use for tuning in or listening well? 
 Schwartz: Number one: One hour a day, read. Read everything in the world except your business. Read junk. Very much junk. Read so that anything that interests you will stick in your memory. Just read, just read, just read. Subscribe to Ladies Home Journal Cosmopolitan, Vanity Fair. Get all the very low stuff. Low culture makes big money. 
 Got to remember that! There is your audience. There is the language. 
 There are the words that they use. 
 Remember, when somebody does a picture, about a kid who gets lost over Christmas, and makes $300 million, a lot of people like that! If you have to go to that well not once, but twice, and you have to say to yourself, "What makes this reach these people? 
 Assume People Are Wonderful 
 A SSUME, AS YOUR CONSTANT assumption, that people are wonderful. You might read Dale Carnegie’s book How To Win Friends and Influence People again. That book is one of the greatest books ever written. And everybody should read it every two or three years. The assumption is that everybody you’re out there writing to is a good soul. As my father used to say, the sale of the earth. They really want to be nice, honest and successful. They want to be happy. And they want to have friends. 
 And assume that’s there and then see what they’re very interested in at this time. 
 When you are at parties - and this is extremely difficult - listen. Sit down and listen. The technique of listening is extremely simple, and most people - 80% of people - don’t really practice it. You look the other person in the eye and you say, "Gee, you’re wonderful." You say, "Well, isn’t that interesting. What do you do?"" Oh, I’m publishing." 
 "Who do you work for?" "Phillips Publishing."" Oh, terrific! What do you do there?" And you sit and you listen and you listen and you listen. 
 And every time they say something, you nod. And memorize specific statements, so you can feed them back to them in the same conversation. In that way, the person goes into a talking frenzy. 
 He begins to feel very important, very comfortable, very happy and he loves you and he will confide in you. That gives you his inner secrets. I have - pardon me for saying this - but I have had a dinner conversation with a woman I have never met before at which the entire table around us - 12 people - stopped when she said, "I tell you my cervix is no larger than my little fingernail!" This is because people will become hypnotized by their own stories. 
 Write To The Chimpanzee Brain 
 A LL THE EXPOSURE BOOKS . Every single one of them. Barbarians at the Gate. You know, all the ones that said, "These are the way people got away with it." Get that book. Everything that tells you how to be crooked - as an investor I would devour them. People are two-sided. I mean, there are so many ways we can go. You are all chimpanzees. 
 I’ve got terrible news for you! 
 There are three kinds of chimpanzees invented by nature: the regular chimp, the pygmy chimp, and this thing called man. Man was the third. He came along a couple of hundred thousand years ago. 
 So you have three brains! You have a reptilian brain, a mammalian brain and human brain: the cerebrum up here which thinks logically. 
 You don’t use the human brain that much in reading copy. You really use the chimpanzee brain in reading copy. You are an animal. When it gets you in the gut, what does that mean? It gets you in the chimpanzee brain. That’s why you use very simple and very vivid words when you’re dealing with investment copy, I think. In any other kind of advertising I’ve ever run I used very simple words. 
 Inside of us we have this hidden chimpanzee. It gives us a lot of trouble. But it provides a lot of opportunities for marketers. The person who buys investment material wants to make a lot of money very, very, very fast. He may logically know he can’t do that, but he would love to do it. And believe me, he goes home and presses that TV button and sees right in there. That is your junk reading. Now, he’s going to look for the best, most rational and most honest approach possible. But he’s also going to have that little sly side of him and you are going to have to appeal to that to sell to him. 
 Copywriting Is Simple Writing 
 I ALSO JUST WANT TO quickly throw that into another dimension. I guess you all supervise or work with the copywriters. And you all write copy. 
 You all speak copy. You’re all trying to sell somebody something - if it’s only a raise or going out on a date, or having somebody do what you want them to do. 
 Copy writing - as well as all effective writing - is simple, transparent writing. It is not literary writing. The surest way to know that something is failing as copy is to have someone come in and say, 
 "God, that was great copy! Oh, I love the ring of that sentence! And that phrase you put in there moved me!" Uh, uh! What happens is that you want them to come in and say, "Jesus Christ, am I in that much danger?" Or, "is there really a way that I can have sexual congress fives times a day?" That’s what you want. 
 You are presenting a showcase for your product. Just like a store showcase on Fifth Avenue. You want the person to be able to look through the copy like the person is able to look through the glass in the showcase and see the product inside. If that glass becomes dirty, reflective, or calls attention to itself in any way, you have failed. If you want to write a novel, go write a novel. And I have! But don’t write novel copy! 
 Simple, dramatic, move-gut copy. There’s also enormous room for logical terminology in ads. And you should use it continually. But that is logical, terminology and structure. Don’t use hard words in ads - words with more than three syllables - unless you want to give a certain flavor at that moment. You’ve got to be simple. Remember. 
 The Headline Does Not Sell 
 L ET’S GET INTO SPECIFICS . This desk here is a good example of what your table at home looks like every day and what your prospect’s table at home looks like every day. Here I come in, and I’ve had a tough day. 
 And I’m pretty tired. And I’ve got one, two, three, four, six, seven, eight, nine or more pieces of mail. What is my movement when I open these pieces of mail? I go this way and this way and this way, okay? 
 My actual rhythm - and your actual rhythm - is you pick them up like this. You may pick them up like this, and you look. The envelope has ten seconds. You, as a company, as an executive, as a copywriter, have ten seconds. The hand comes up, the hand looks, the hand throws away. 
 Or, the hand stops. Something gets him. You have ten seconds for your headline to stop that hand from throwing your piece away. So what is a headline? That’s very important. And a headline is a very simple device that has a very easy job to do. Except that people make it extremely hard. 
 The purpose of this headline: "Burn Disease Out of Your Body" - which is the first thing they see in those ten seconds - is to get them to read the next paragraph. That’s all it is. Nothing else. It sells nothing. It confirms nothing. It argues nothing. It establishes nothing about the firm. If it stands by itself it would do nothing in the world, but all it’s gotta do is, it’s got to get them to read the next paragraph. 
 Second, how long should a headline be? That’s a classic question in copywriting. And, of course, the answer is, "No determined length." 
 The headline depends strictly on how long it gets you to stop the person and get them going. 
 And the third question is, how many headlines can there be in a mailing piece? And that, of course, is as many as you get on the page and make work. 
 In the old days, people used to think that there should be one great headline. One super, marvelous headline that was only words - five words, six words, seven words - that would stop, and everything came out of that. The classic example is, "Why Men Crack." It’s a great headline - ruled for years. Three words, and that was it! It is represented by this one. "A 71-Year-Old Man Has Sexual Congress Five Times a Day." Then you begin to realize you got all this paper. 
 You’re paying a fortune for all this paper, so why don’t you use it in any way you can. 
 All you want the person to do is pick up the envelope, see what he’s got, read it, say, "Umm, that looks interesting - turn it over on the back - there’s something on the back - read the back - says, Umm, that looks interesting," and he opens it. So all you’re asking him to do is move through your copy. Nothing more. You’re not trying to sell. 
 The headline sells the first line. The first lines sells the second line. The second line sells the third line. And the third line sells the fourth line, etc. 
 There’s a tremendous advantage there. There are things that you can say in the middle of an ad which will be believed because you prepared them for it. But, if you said it at the top of the ad, or in the envelope, it would be thrown away. The guy would say, "This is ridiculous, this is insulting my intelligence, I’m not going on. "If you can get him into the middle, if you can get certain facts to him, then he is prepared to believe. And if he is prepared to believe, he’s prepared to buy. 
 There’s a headline. Should it be tremendously big? 
 Overwhelming? Not really. This is an envelope. Just take a look at it. What it says is, "If a Disease Is as Crippling as This, Then You Certainly Have To Treat It With Drugs. Or Do You? Decide For Yourself From the Startling Facts Below." Well, that’s the whole headline. It’s pretty much that. If they start reading, "if a disease is as crippling as this," then they will probably finish this. And if they do that they will go on to that. If they do that, they will go on to that, they will go on to that. There must be what, a hundred words here? I don’t know. And then you turn around "Is Premature Aging the Most Universal Unconquerable of All the Common Diseases Listed Inside? Not at all. For startling, up-to-the-minute evidence that it is not, see inside!" 
 Okay, this is a dirty envelope - "ugly, as Richard calls it. This is an ugly layout. I’ve been driving Rodale crazy for over 15 years giving them this kind of envelope. This sold 50 million (five-zero) million dollars worth of books. That’s a lot of books to sell on a single folded piece of paper. Why? Because it reaches out and touches somebody, and they’re willing to see and pay for these little miracles. 
 I wrote this to see how much copy I could get for an envelope on a single piece of typewritten paper single spaced. Then I threw it down to the design department. And what they did is they took the top of it which said, "tricks of the trade so powerful they could change your life." And then we gave 20 of those tricks of the trade right there on the envelope. Right there in the headline. "A form of ordinary water that, by itself, can relieve cold symptoms. Page 273.""Simple, do-it- yourself ways to not only burglar-proof your door, but also have invincible windows. Page 159." 
 This ran as a control for 15 years. When it finally faded out, they went into this, which is prettier. Because it’s on coated stock, in color. And this says, "Old-timer tricks do the impossible around your home." So you’ve gotta learn that a headline doesn’t sell. It has nothing to do with selling. 
 Who Are You Writing To? 
 Y OU ARE NOT WRITING to a private person. You are not writing to a bunch of people. You are writing to a number of people who share a private want. Remember that. If they don’t share the want, they are of no use to you. If there aren’t enough people that share the want deeply enough to spend the fifty bucks for a newsletter or $30 for a book, they are of no use to you. 
 You are writing to a number of people who share a private want, and you are addressing them as if they were the only person in the world. 
 What is the most powerful word in advertising? Not "free!" "It’s "you!" 
 And yet so many times you see "these symptoms appear." How about "your symptoms appear?" What you are talking about is you. The person who has got this piece of paper in their hand and is on the other side of your copy. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you. 
 If it doesn’t have the word "you" a hundred times, I really don’t like it very much. 
 Now, when you are writing to a public that shares a private want, they may share subsections of the want. And therefore, what the hooks - the promises - are doing is pulling out a subsection and putting it in. 
 I’m trying to pick up five percent in this hook, 10% in another hook, etc. And you’ve got to have an overall way of getting everybody to read through. 
 Notice that the headline says, "If A Disease as Crippling as This." Well, that includes arthritis victims, bursitis victims, emphysema victims. 
 Headline Elements: Promise = Intrigue, Mechanism = Emotion 
 L ET’S TALK ABOUT FINDING the headlines. We’re getting very technical now. Very specific. You have your 40 pages of notes. And you are going through your 40 pages of notes. And you begin to see a picture emerging. There was a book that Rodale had a lot of trouble with. And they kid of figured that maybe they shouldn’t have published it. It was a book on arthritis. And Rodale is extremely good - the best in the country, I think, at doctor remedies, hidden doctor remedies. And this book went way off from that because it wasn’t written by doctors. And, of course anybody that buys Rodale books, buy doctor remedies. 
 This was a book about people who cured their arthritis by themselves that the doctors didn’t really agree with. 766 different people who had different cures which they found by themselves. How are you going to reach them? So the headline is, "Sneaky Little Arthritis Tricks. Natural Foods and Do-It-Yourself Secrets That Pain-Proofed Over 100 Men and Women Like You." 
 I figured that these people were sneaking around doctors. And they felt guilty about doing it. Nobody said this, incidentally. It isn’t in the book. And the people who went to the doctors or the market for this were still in pain. Arthritis is a very intractable disease, and we haven’t cured to it yet, even though I hope we will in the next five years. So I thought the only way we could do this was "sneaky little" - both words you don’t usually use in advertisements like this. 
 Now, in this particular case, when we said "Sneaky Little Arthritis Tricks," this grabbed attention. Then what’s the next step? - What are they? "Natural Food and Do-it-Yourself Secrets That Pain-Proofed over 100 Men and Women Like You." 
 Notice how it’s step-by-step. You grab their attention; you send them into the mechanism. That is the foods and secrets. You send them into the first reward: pain-proof. Then we have these pictures and all these testimonials one, two, three, four, five, six, seven; there were seven quotes from seven of these 776 people. One says, "I enjoyed a total remission of my arthritis." Another says, "I have not had sciatica since 1971." Another said "All symptoms disappeared and have not returned." Okay. What you’ve got is intrigue in the first part, a mechanism for giving you something you can’t get in the second part, and proof in the third part. 
 You’ve also got enormous gut emotion in the envelope because of those exceptional pictures that they put. Look at that beautiful woman at the bottom. You can’t help relating to her. Look at the man with the little child kissing him at the top. This is what you want. You have this woman. Look at her stride. Very strong. This is what you want. So you have great promise, intrigue. You have a mechanism - a new mechanism that delivers that promise. You have proof that that promise has been delivered to people like you. And you have deep emotion. That’s what you need. All of them combined, get the prospect to read. 
 How to Uncover Great Headlines 
 L ET’S ABOUT HOW WE build an ad. I’m going to read you this; this is very successful, the second-longest running direct mail piece. 
 We start with "How Modern Chinese Health and Medicine Helps Both Men and Women." That is the small type above the headline. 
 What does that do? In the first place, it establishes the point of difference. They’re going to be running to about 150 lists; 150 lists all have their own product. How do you establish a point of difference between this product and their product? Especially when it’s a book as old as this one? By talking about Chinese medicine which is ancient, but at the same time it’s modern. Most people haven’t heard about it, but they’re intrigued. We all know how powerful the East is. And both "men and women" is an inclusion headline which looks like an exclusion headline. "Both men and women" means if you’re a man you can read this; if you’re a woman you can read this. It’s very crude, but it works. 
 Then you go to "Burn Diseases out of Your Body Lying Flat on Your Back Using Nothing More Than the Palm of Your Hand." Why is this effective? Because, of course, you’d like to get rid of disease, but how can you burn disease out of the body? And then the contradiction immediately comes up, "Lying Flat on Your Back Using Nothing More Than the Palm of Your Hand." Again, you’re not taking drugs, you’re not seeing your doctor, you’re not undergoing surgery, etc. This sounds extremely easy. So what you’ve got is inclusion; a very powerful claim and a very easy mechanism. 
 Now notice what you have given the reader. You have given a great deal of information in three sentences. And the person is now ready to go on. "This may be the most startling news you’ve ever read. And we are going to let you prove its merits yourself without risking a single penny. It is that different. They’re powerful, they’re provocative and controversial." 
 We are going to let you prove its merits yourself without risking a single penny. Thus the guarantee comes to the front of the piece. 
 Once you have said "without risking a single penny", it means you, the publisher, are taking a chance on them, the reader, liking your product. Then you can say it is that different, it is that powerful, that provocative and controversial. If you had said at the front without any preparation, "it is that different, that powerful, that provocative and controversial", it would not be believed as readily as if you say, "I’ll put my money on it that this will give you these benefits." 
 Prepare the Ground for Each Claim 
 W HAT YOU’VE DONE IS you’ve taken a claim and made it powerful by preparing for it. You must prepare. Again, you have the time to prepare because you certainly don’t have to sell now. You’ve got a whole mailing piece to sell. The more time you have, the more you can sell. "Let us explain. The Chinese do not believe in surgery or medicine for major illness. They prevent such illnesses instead with a series of mild, almost effortless internal exercises." What you have been relying on is no longer necessary. Surgery and medicine are expensive, dangerous, and painful. Also embarrassing. But the Chinese don’t believe in it. They prevent. Instead of treat, prevent. With a series of mild, almost effortless internal exercises. It sounds like fun! 
 "If you do not have an open mind, please stop reading here, for this letter’s about to introduce you to a new, although it is 4,000 years old, a different type of self-healing. Born in China, over 40 centuries ago, it’s called Taoist medicine. And we will let the foremost practitioner of it in the Western world, Dr. Stephen Chiang, gave you a brief and startling introduction to these effortless exercises." 
 "Brief." "Startling." "Effortless." Look at adjectives. Adjectives are where you carry your emotion. Adjectives are gut words. Adjectives are description words. Adjectives are feeling words. Look at your adjectives. Do an adjective check when you’ve done your copy. Very important words. 
 You can say something with adjectives and without adjectives and have absolutely two different things. And then Dr. Chiang comes in, and the rest of the entire mailing piece is quotas from the book. 
 Except for one or two sections which I am going to get to next. 
 Now, he makes extremely powerful claims. All of which are exceptionally pleasant. "Clicking the teeth, as shown to you on page 132, will help tighten the joints in the body and keep the teeth healthy." Now how can your teeth help tighten your joints? This is the precursor of Rodale’s "Doctors’ Home Remedies", in which we gave these silly little things like putting a tea bag up to your eye to improve eyesight. Twist, twist, twist? The more twist, the more powerful. 
 "The muscles in the abdomen and body will tighten and become toned and strengthened. Excess water and flesh will be eliminated and the belly is shrinking. And you are doing all this with the palm of your hand." 
 Biography Builds Belief 
 O NCE YOU HAVE CLAIMS this powerful, people are going to say, "Isn’t that nice? I don’t believe a word of it." You can’t make powerful claims unless you can prove them. You have to prepare for them, and you have to prove them. You’ve got to stop them and make them believe. 
 So what we had which we didn’t have in almost any other ad at that time, 14 years ago, was a little section up here in the biography. Got a great, Chinese face. He’s 67 years old; he looks about 40. Great Chinese face. 
 Well, what do we say about him. I’m going to take a few minutes to read that, because it’s very important. "Stephen Chiang, Ph.D., M.D. comes from a family which has practiced medicine for more than 400 years. Dr. Chiang’s great-grandfather was personal physician to the Empress Chai Chi and the first ambassador to the United Kingdom. Dr. Chiang has a Ph.D. in philosophy, holds two law degrees and received his medical degree from China, from the Yung Chee University Medical School, where he was trained n both Western and Chinese medicine. ” 
 Okay, so we’ve got his background. Now what has he been doing recently? “Currently he is on the faculty, consulting and conducting classes in Chinese medicine in such universities as University of California, University of Oslo; the United States Health Service Hospital, San Francisco; the University of Oregon; college of San Mateo; Golden West College; center for Chinese Medicine and Continuing Education. 
 "In addition, Dr. Chiang has given many workshops where...” 
 I promise you every word of that is read. It’s in eight-point print type. It’s read, because people want to believe... 
 You’ve Got to Demonstrate the Product 
 O KAY, NOW THAT YOU have proof, you’ve got to demonstrate. 
 Demonstration and proof are extremely powerful. You do this by saying, "Let us give you the simple internal exercise that energizes the heart. This exercise shows you immediately how incredibly simple, how incredibly easy, how incredibly comfortable these internal exercises are. When you receive Dr. Chiang’s book to prove or disprove it at our risk turn immediately, without preliminary reading, to page 140." 
 Important, because you’re going to give something they should do with the book. You don’t want them to send it back. And also, it sounds very good. It’s convincing them. They are now using the book with you in the letter. There you will be shown the exact way to hold your body while energizing your heart. No movement. We’ll repeat. No movement is required. All you do instead is this: sit or stand in a comfortable position with your hands simply extended in front of your chest at the level of your shoulders. Make sure that the fingertips of each hand almost touch. But keep about a quarter of an inch between them. Keep your eyes focused on the top of your fingers. That is all there is to the entire exercise. Nothing else. No further effort. Not even the simplest movement of the body is required. Nothing more. 
 Nothing more to do. Not a single strain in any part of your body. Your heartbeat doesn’t rise a single beat. And yet, what happens is this: 
 "The exercise creates a flow of energy." 
 You have just demonstrated the book. You have taken one exercise, one paragraph out of a 270-page book, and you have said to the person, "Get on the floor and try this. Feel what happens. If you don’t like what happens, don’t send for the book. If you do like what happens, you have already demonstrated the first part of the book and you can now order and can get everything else." 
 Every Sentence Is a Branch of a Tree The ad is built as a mosaic. Every sentence in the ad is built as a mosaic. First you give a proof. You give a claim. You give a mechanism, which is how the claim is achieved. You give a proof. You give documentation. You give demonstration. Every sentence is a branch on a tree. And the words in the sentence as the leaves on the branch. First the branch comes; that’s bare outline of the sentence. 
 And then you see out of the branch, the leaves popping up. The leaves give the branch color. They give the branch beauty. They give the branch strength and power because they collect the energy coming from inside. That’s what you do. 
 You Channel Demand 
 I FIND AS A PERSONAL phenomenon advertising to be an extremely easy discipline. It can be very hard if you work at it too hard. It can be very easy if you flow along with it. What are you doing when you market something? You are not creating demand for a product. If you think that you are creating demand for your product, you’ve doomed yourself to a lifetime of hard work and failure. You can’t create demand for anything because demand is too large for you to create. 
 The demand has to be out there. The demand has to exist before you even walk into the picture. Think of yourself as an atomic scientist. 
 You find a tiny thing called the atom, which has got enormous, enormous, enormous stored-up, locked-in power, and you find that if you take two atoms and bind them together, you can release the power. That’s what you’re doing. 
 You’ve got a market out there that wants security in retirement. 
 You’ve got a market out there that wants alternative healing outside of the pain and embarrassment inflicted upon them by the medical profession. But they want the authority of a doctor. What you are doing is you are taking that demand from every one of those persons, individual people, private people who comprise that market. And you are simply turning it or focusing it or channeling it onto your product. 
 That’s all! It’s so much easier. If the demand isn’t there, no matter how great a copywriter you are, you are going to fail. 
 You cannot create demand. You can only channel demand. Demand is there. Demand is enormous. The bigger the demand, the better your ad is. You are getting in a boat and letting the stream carry you. Just don’t think that you can paddle up against the stream. 
 The Associative Process 
 L ORNA NEWMAN: I HAVE a question. This comes back to the vocabulary of the list of quotes. When you look at the product, do you only pull the product to make the list or do you add from elsewhere as you go along? 
 Schwartz: Copywriting, of course, is an associative process. The list becomes an associative stimulus list. And as you go down through the list, you’ll get ideas! Okay, you hit the end of bar twice, that gives you a space, and you write it in. Now, you may want to disassociate your own ideas from the quotes, so you can put your ideas in bold, underline, italics, anything else. The more disassociative ideas you get, the more chance you have of getting a stronger ad. But, you will find that authors are not writing copy; they are writing text. Their vocabulary is different, and their entire conception of what it means to write is different. 
 So you come up with a paragraph about half a page long. A real big paragraph. And you’ll see this great idea in there. So make it bold and write a headline. That’s a wonderful way to do it. Write a ten-word headline. That makes you condense the thought, and makes you search for advertising terminology to parallel the thought. 
 When you get through doing that, don’t read what you’ve just written. 
 It’s not worth reading. Just keep going. Now, what you want to do, is get yourself into a creative frenzy. Like a feeding frenzy. You want to get the ideas flowing so thoroughly, that pretty soon you’re not condensing what he or she has written, but pretty soon you are coming up with entirely new concepts that will apply. 
 Here’s an example: 
 You remember Gecko? In “Wall Street”? Let’s say that he’s kind of burnt in your memory and you’re selling an investment letter, and you remember something he said at the trial, on the stock market. And all of a sudden, that idea is floating there, that image, Gecko, and here is the investment letter you’re working on. And as you’re doing this pulling and condensing headlines out of the text you’re given, all of a sudden, you get something from that, and Gecko suddenly joins. It fuses. Like an atomic reaction in your mind. And you have a powerful line to sell your product. 
 Then, when you’re through with everything, go away for a day, and come back. Then, you judge. Always remember, incidentally, that you cannot judge. I’ve been doing copy now for 35 years. I’ve sold millions and millions and millions of things. What does my experience allow me to say about the power of an ad? What does your experience allow you to say about the power of an ad before it’s run? Absolutely nothing! 
 You must remember that. You don’t know anything about how an ad is going to pull. The only way you can tell is to get a test cell. 
 I don’t believe in focus groups or anything else. I think they’re wonderful, but they don’t give you an indication. Sometimes the things that they think you should throw away are the things that really go. 
 Only the test can decide. All the previous experience in the world tells you nothing - because you are introducing something absolutely new. 
 And that leads to the next thing, which is, "Go for the touchdown pass." In football, if you are behind by six points and you have 30 seconds and you’re on your own 20 (and that means you have to go 80 yards), and they’ve got everybody except the coach facing you on the line, what you do is you fall back. The quarterback falls back, he sends out the ends and everybody else as fast as they can, and he throws a 60-yard pass. If you catch it, you win; if it drops, you lose. 
 When you’re in that situation, go for the touchdown pass. The only way to be a good copywriter is to get great results. To think of yourself as going for the breakthrough. And nobody can tell its power until the orders come in. 
 Always think statistically. You do not work with words. Think in terms of percentage points. That’s what you should do. 
 Freshness Difference 
 L ORNA NEWMAN: OUR CONTROLS run dry. A good control for us runs a year and a half to two years. We’ve never had a 17-year-old control. Why is that? 
 Schwartz: There are two things. Number one, your new format in selling in direct mail, the magalogs, is a very powerful format. Ergo, you are getting enormous numbers of people using the same format. 
 The more people that use your format, the more dangerous for you, because after a while, the person who gets your piece is having trouble distinguishing it from others’. And, of course, the mathematics are now known, and so even small companies realize that they can do it. That presents a constant challenge. Number two, I specialize in "ugly." I’m the lousiest layout man in the world. I do ugly layouts. 
 Why do I do ugly layouts? Because beauty looks much the same. It has a very narrow definition. Ugliness is randomness, which means that it’s spread out. So there are a hundred different ways to be ugly and only two or three ways to be beautiful. So, the ugly thing in a world of beauty stands out. 
 Estee Lauder discovered that. Twenty years ago, when Revlon was just knocking them dead with this four-color printing and then everybody else came in, Helena Rubenstein, etc., Estee herself said, "Well, if we run four-color, we’re gonna look like everybody else. Nobody’s going to be able to tell us. How about sepia?" And she got a series of sepia ads that were stunningly beautiful but completely different. And when you open the magazines there, wham! There is Lauder. 
 So yes, the life of controls is probably shorter, and you are just going to have to innovate faster. 
 Think About Your "Does" Product 
 Q UESTION: SUPPOSING we have a strong control that we think we have exhausted the market for. The message itself is strong. How much will a format change help? 
 Schwartz: You can get 20%-30% extra pull. That may not do it. 
 Let’s think about it in a different way. 
 Take your product. Let’s say it’s got some pictures in it, and graphs. 
 Maybe just plain type. It’s eight pages. That’s your physical part. 
 That’s all there is. Nobody in the world is going to buy that, though. 
 Nobody in the world cares about that. 
 Now let’s push that physical product aside and let’s get into the functional product. Functional product is what the physical product does for you. You’ve got a product there that does a certain number of things for you. Never think of what the product "is."A horse is an animal with four legs. It doesn’t do anything for you. Think of what the product "does. "When you define something with a "does,î it becomes a functional definition instead of an academic definition; a dog that runs up and licks your face when you come home every night. 
 Your functional product - your "does” product - has immense number of "doeses." You have been tapping one specific strain of those "doeses."And that’s been successful for you. But, you have pretty well exhausted that strain of "doeses." You have to go into the other "doeses." And that gives you an entire new mailing piece which may reach the same audience but from a different direction. 
 In my book, Breakthrough Copy, I give 27 different ways that you can "does” a product. Let’s take one of them right now. If you are talking about money-making, why not bring in an audience? What does the product affect besides you? Who’s going to look at you when you do this? We ran an ad for flowers 20 years ago that sold so many flowers we exhausted nurseries. And what it said, was, who ever head of 17,000 bloom from a single plant? We said, "When you put this into the Earth, and you jump back (quickly), it explodes in flowers. And everybody in your neighborhood comes and they look. And people take home blooms because you’ve got so many you could never find a house big enough to put them in. And you’ve become the gardening expert for the entire neighborhood. 
 Multi-blossom plants had been selling fairly well before, but we brought the audience into copy as actors within it. So get another "does." There are all kinds of “does's”. Just redo your product. 
 Is "Instant" Credible? 
 S TANTON-JONES: YOUR company is called Instant Improvement. And all of the ads that I’ve read of yours promise improvement that is almost instantaneous. Also, in your Retirement Letter package that you are developing for us now you say, "Invest 45 minutes a month." But in our area, to demonstrate a result often takes months or even years. 
 Your copy says, "No, no. It is instantaneous." Do you think that this is credible? 
 Schwartz: I have a different view of your product this moment from this discussion, I think, than you did. I think what you hired me for was to give you a different view and infuriate you. Let’s go back to my little Change piece. The Chang piece sells a book. Now you can’t prove the book until you get the book. Ergo, there is no instant benefit. 
 Well, that’s not true! I took an exercise from the book and I said this is the way you (the reader) proved the book. Practice it a second. 
 Remember, your selling piece is always part of your product; disconnected from the product and sent out advance of the product. It is the functional product that it includes, not the physical. In each issues of Retirement Letter you’ve been giving instant gratification. 
 You’ve been telling people that these are the three top bank stocks; there are the three top insurance stocks; this is the way to buy annuities; something XYZ annuity fund. That is instant gratification. 
 You have two powers in your present format. Number one, you have something that I call camouflage which means the first time a person picks up your magalog they think this is a magazine. That power being diluted at this time. The second is you this incredible power of demonstration. Demonstration is form of proof which takes place at the present moment. The person picks it up. He looks at it. I’m talking about your pieces now and he says, "Yes! I can prove this! You are giving instant gratification just as you have been giving instant gratification for years. 
 You have this incredible, strong, proven, product. It has all kinds of unique advantages nobody else has. It’s been around for 20 years. It’s never had a losing year. You’ve got 200,000 people who subscribe to it more than anyone else in the world. The man has an extremely powerful credential list. All that is there. But then, it’s dealing with an incredibly sensitive subject: retirement. And the fear of being a failure at retirement. That’s the worst fear any older person has. And what I tried to do and I’m not sure I could do it or I’m not sure you have accepted it, or I’m not sure it will pay off, is I try to make your benefits absolutely instantly accessible in ways that you have not made them before, by inventing a series of forms for you that the person simply sends in. And then I can give an extremely threatening headline and put an extremely great promise as its cure at the same time. 
 Almost anything that we do as publishers can be made instantaneous. 
 And people believe them. They are extremely powerful because nothing feels better than being proved right. And if you give them something that they can prove, they will really love it. That’s what I’m trying to do. I think everything is instantaneous. 
 Bob King: When you think about it, there is only instant gratification in the present tense. No one goes to, say, medical school and says, "Gee, what I’m gonna work hard for ten years in school so I can be a doctor. 
 "Instead, you think about "Why do I do that today? Why am I doing that? "I do it because it feels right to me today to do that. If it didn’t feel right, there’s no way you’d work in the dark for ten years. So I think that you’re constantly doing things that give you instant gratification. And really all the gratification really is in the present tense. 
 Schwartz: Very true, and very profound. 
 Think In Decimal Points 
 C OPYWRITERS SHOULD be completely conversant with statistics and returns. The worst thing you can do to your copywriters is to separate them from the returns of every list and every test and every cell. 
 Copywriters who write copy for the sake of copy and words alone are doomed to failure. If you keep your copywriters away from their results and their comparative results on every single test, they’re not going to do very much for you. 
 Boardroom sends me thick packages of results. And I will spend three or four or five hours going over the results in detail for them. I think of myself as a person who creates 20% difference in returns. And I like decimal points. You’ve got to get those results. You can’t know something from the outside. You have to know it inside. 
 1st Sale Must Build the 2nd Sale 
 S TANTON-JONES: THERE’S a piece of the puzzle that doesn’t quite fit for me at the moment. And all the things that we do are trying to build toward the second sale. Does that violate this idea of instantaneous, miraculous change and improvement. 
 Schwartz: All mail order is dependent upon the second sale. Nobody really makes money on the first sale. You can, but it’s an awfully strange way to run a company. If you get too much profit on your initial mailing, you immediately expand it to lists which are not doing quite as well, so that you can get more names and sales. When we sell books, we would very much love to have the people absolutely delighted with the book, because with the book comes a brochure advertising the next book! So our second sale is there. And we mail them every month. So our carrier is much like your carrier. Your newsletter is a carrier for further advertisements. That is so for us, too. 
 Why Infomercials Work 
 T HINK OF TELEVISION . In 1949, our agency bought time in that new medium called television, on ABC, on a half-hour program. We didn’t know how to fill it so we wrote a program a day. How do you write a program a day? The only way you can write a program a day is to take the product and translate it into the program. There was a program called "The Answer Man, which was a regular program. People sent in questions; he answered them. So we decided, let’s take the product - a piano course - and let’s ask questions about the product for the entire 30 minutes, and then sell the product in the one -minute middle. 
 And so we said, "Ca my kid play? Can a five-year-old kid play? Can a five-year-old kid without arms play, etc.? "And we turned out one program a day! All talking about piano courses. Well, we didn’t know it, but we invented the infomercial! Okay. We sold so darn many piano courses. And why did it work? Because we were demonstrating the product on the air. 
 Television infomercials really sell, but they also demonstrate. 
 Everybody should get a copy of the slicer commercial! The slicer is a demonstration. That is the product. And what is coming across the mail in your package is not the physical product, but the functional product. Demonstrations are sending the products to the person. 
 Selling to Current Subscribers 
 N EWMAN: OUR EDITORS write special reports, and we sell them in inserts. It’s not as spectacular copy. Mostly because we write it. Do you talk to subscribers differently from prospects, do you think? 
 Schwartz: I would test it. I would get the copywriter who wrote the promotion copy to write some of the subscriber follow-ups. Have them use the same copy. And see, whether it pulls more. If you have not tested it against another approach, perhaps y9ou’re losing an opportunity. 
 Unknown: Every 'don’t’ is an opportunity. Just remember that. Now, it’s an opportunity which is slippery. You may fall flat on your face because if you test another newsletter to the newsletter that you’re selling, you may cut your renewals done. So you’ve got a two-stage test. Number one, what does this pull now? Number two, does it hurt renewals later on? 
 Are You Failing Enough? 
 S TANTON-JONES: WE RECENTLY had an experience where we used a well- known magazine copywriter with many soft-offer controls for magazines. He wrote us a package that did terribly. What’s your advice? Do you think that that type of copywriter cannot work in our field? Do you think soft-offer copywriters can never work on hard-offer newsletters? Or is there a way to work with them differently? 
 Schwartz: I can give a few theories. Number one, maybe he just didn’t have any rapport with your particular product at that time, and he missed. Number two, perhaps he’s going for the jackpot. He tried harder; you took a bigger chance. It’s very discouraging to work something that pulls within four or five percent of another offer. Then something’s wrong. You’re not taking enough of a chance. If you are running tests which are giving you small improvements, and if you are not running enough tests that are really flopping, then you are not doing your job. 
 Copywriters are crazy. And you want them crazy. They go for the big kill. And I would rather flop badly and succeed greatly than I would coming in with that little five percent boost. A very good copywriter is going to fail. If the guy doesn’t fail, he’s no good. He’s got to fail. It hurts. But it’s the only way to get the home runs the next time. 
 
=== c007.xhtml ===

 Eugene Schwartz Talk at Rodale 
 
 Eugene Schwartz Talk at Rodale 
 
 Notes on a talk by Eugene Schwartz on May 11, 1994 at Rodale Press 
 - - - - 
 I WANT TO TELL YOU what I'm going to do today, attempt to do today. If you work with computers - and I love computers - you can say to a computer that's running programs with you, and solving programs and non-word-processing tasks. Afterwards come up with correct solutions and say, "Be transparent. Be completely open and show me every single step that you took." 
 Now that computer has no non-transparency circuits. Human beings have an enormous amount of non-transparency circuits. So the computer will then show you every step it took. By studying that you can learn how the computer solved that. The computer is very inventive believe it or not. 
 I'm going to be completely transparent with you today. 
 I like writing. I like copywriting. I like merchandising. 
 And I think I've discovered a few very simple, obvious ways of doing this - and I think it will be nice for you and the other clients I had if I came down and talked to you about them. 
 So I'm going to tell you the complete truth, and going to tell you anything you want to know. I'm going to be completely redundant and completely infantile - because I'm going to start at the very, very, very simple things that you already know, and then I'm going to work with some things that perhaps you do or do not know. 
 Let me start with the most important principle of success in publishing, in life, and in any task you want to achieve goals. And of course it is, very simply, hard work. 
 Now I am - let's see if I got 27 out of 30 hits then I have 90 percent ratio which is pretty good. Okay I got that - not because I'm extremely talented or extremely creative or anything like that. I like to think of myself as working harder than anybody I'm tested against. 
 Finding and Writing Claims 
 L ET'S SAY THAT I'M called and someone says I'm going to send your a manuscript and you're going to send me back copy in five weeks. OK. The manuscript arrives. The manuscript here now is about eleven hundred pages. Eleven hundred pages is a lot. 
 What I do is I take the eleven hundred pages and I go through it within about two weeks. How do I go through it? I take the manuscript and I underline or bracket the claims as I go through every page. I take a red pencil and I mark at the front and back of each claim - and perhaps I'll have three claims a pages or three pages without claims. I am building at that time, out of that manuscript, a summary, a précis, or what I call a vocabulary - those are all equivalent terms. I am building the guts and the heart and the meat and the gist out of that manuscript. 
 Now I go through every single page - and it's eleven hundred and three pages - I go through every single page. When I am done I, as I am done, as I am doing this, I send it over to my secretary or to a freelance typist and that person types up my vocabulary. It will come back to me between fifty and sixty pages. They will be essentially what I see as the strongest points in the book. 
 Now I think it's important to know that I don't really have any ideas when I open the book. 
 I take the table of contents and put it to the side - I don't even look at it. I start at the first page of the book itself and I work my way through to the last page of the book. 
 I am not interested really in what other people think is in the book. I am interested only in the book itself. I want to come across the claims as surprises. I want them to astound me. I want them to move me. I don't want to accompany them with a vision of my own. 
 Now as I'm going through - tedious, terribly tedious work - can't be done more than an hour a day. Because you lose it - after a while you can't read anymore. And so you have to only do it an hour a day. As I'm going through that I will get ideas of course in response to the ideas in the book. I carefully take them and write them on a little piece of paper. I don't do much with them I just scratched them out in my own little shorthand and put them aside. When I get back the vocabulary - the vocabulary is in print and it's on a disk. I put the disk in my machine and I'm ready to go. 
 I start with the top again and I start now organizing, selecting, inspiring, associating everything else again. Finally I have a rough ad. Now, if you put 50 pages into a computer, into a single file, the computer will not like you. It will be very unhappy with this and it will have indigestion, and it will take a long time to go from back to front, you will lose stuff, etc. 
 So the computer will force categorization on you. It will force you to break it up into blocks and you will find yourself pulling things out and placing them in separate manageable files. So your first organization is dictated by the computer's necessity. 
 When and How Your Writing Goes 
 T HEN I WRITE MY BEGINNING ad - no headline now, no sub-headlines, no flier headlines, nothing like that. Just sheer claim. 
 When I am through with that, three weeks have gone, and the pressure is building up. I can feel the people getting very nervous. And the phone calls sometimes leak through. "How are you doing? Wonderful. Oh it's great. Yeah it's sensational. I can feel the strength. How about sending us the envelope? Oh I can't do that right now, I want to refine it..." 
 I haven't even written the envelope. I haven't written a word of the envelope. I'm still building. 
 Then I begin selecting those claims which are the most unusual and the most powerful. I'll explain how I arrive at those decisions. And I began writing my envelope, or I began writing my head, or I began getting the big type stuff. 
 By the time I've done that, the fourth week has passed. 
 And I now take everything I've done - it's not finished yet, but it's certainly taking shape and it's beginning to look like what you're going to see when this stuff goes out - and I go back over it with the manuscript. I check it again. 
 I've made little notes. I put little checks - there's some thing's wrong with this, something is missing or something is not quite jelled here. So I go back over again. 
 When I am through on the fifth week, and I send down the copy, I want to know the book as well or even better than the editor. 
 I'm going to spend a lot of time on this because this is what makes success. There's nothing else in the world that makes success as much as this. 
 I will take the best copywriter in the world who is sloppy and careless and match him against the good copy cub. And two out of three times the sloppiness of the great person will be beaten by the carefulness of the other person. Because the power of the ad for a book or a product, any publication or any instrument, is always in the product itself. It's not in the copywriter. The copywriter simply finds it and expresses it. 
 I wrote an ad recently for a book, for a doctor, who I had never worked with and I sent him the copy and he sent the copy back and on the copy it said that you could eat fat, meat and eggs - and he crossed off the word "eggs".. 
 And I called him, I'd never spoken to him before, and I said, "Doctor, I don't why you crossed off the word 'eggs'." 
 And he said. "Well because I never used anything about eggs - eggs can't be controlled." And I said to the doctor, "On page 164 there was a sentence about eggs..." Which I quoted. 
 And he laughed. 
 Now why did he laugh? He laughed because I am an amateur who was criticizing an expert about his own text, and I knew more about his text at that moment than he did. When I heard that laugh, I was very hopeful that the ad would succeed - because I knew that much. 
 I spend half my time working on mail-order copy. I spent half my time collecting art, and I spent half my time writing my own books. It comes to 150%, yes. And I'm very busy. I am. 
 But I also - I've recently written a series of books on religion. And I was helping and working with one of the leading - the leading - Christian avant-garde theologians in America. 
 A young lady who is absolutely brilliant and beautiful. And won a National Book Award. And she was asking me for some editorial comment on her book. 
 And she sent me 26 pages I read them and I called her up and said this is wrong. This passage of Mark is wrong. And she said but Mark says these three words about Pilate and I said no. And she laughed. 
 Now why did she laugh? Because she's the best authority in America on that. But she hadn't checked against Mark versus Matthew and they blend in people's minds. I had checked exactly the words, and that check made the difference between her being attacked in the press for being irresponsible, and her being right - at no cost. 
 I want to be more accurate and more knowledgeable than anyone I come up against. You want to be more accurate and more knowledgeable than anyone would come up against. A person who is the best prepared and the most knowledgeable makes the most money. It's so simple. 
 How to Prepare for Creativity 
 T HERE USED TO BE A football coach at West Point during World War II. His name was Red Smith. And he said "The will to win will be nothing without the will to prepare". 
 So the first thing is very simple, but more important than everything else I'm going to tell you. It means nothing without work. 
 You'd like to make money. You'd like to live on Park Avenue. If you'd like to have a world famous art collection. Work. Just work. Anyone could do it. You're all brilliant. You wouldn't be here unless you're brilliant. You work at a great firm. Work hard. You'll get there. OK. I don't say you have to learn and work in impossible hours. Remember that. I work three hours a day, every single day, for five day a week. That's all I work. I work three hours a day. Three hours a day I get very tired and I go to work someplace else. But it's enough. I can do this because I'm better prepared than someone else. OK. 
 Now how do I work. What is the secret. I've never had a writer's block. 
 I've done dozens of ads for Boardroom. Dozens of ads for myself. Many ads for other companies. I've written nine books. I've written many articles. I turn out a ton of material continuously. I never have a block. I always loved to write. I never stare at the page or more than a few minutes - what do I do? 
 It is tough, enormously difficult for you to sit down in front of a blank page or a blank screen and say' "OK I'm going to create." Especially when you were working against the world's best which is where you want to be - against the world's best.. 
 Therefore, you can't think about beating them. You can't think about how much pressure there is. You can't think about how much money is involved. You can't think about anything except what you're going to write on the page - which you're going to take, of course, from the publisher. 
 Now how can you free yourself of all this anxiety? All this blockage, all the self-doubt? It's simple of course what you do is use an old Zen trick. Zen masters are enormously proficient, and have been for the last 2000 years, and they have a very simple system which I use continually. I use every day. You walk into the same place that you always write at. Now when I say write, I mean work at. If you do editorial, ab account executive, etc.. You're always at the same place - at home or at the office - I happen to work at home. You don't right at the office, I don't write anyplace else in the world except one desk where I've written. For the past 28 years. That desk is a nice, big comfortable desk, with an incredibly sloppy amount of paper all over. 
 I create chaos. I'm a great chaos creator. I like it because it gives these wonderful little lessons. 
 You come in. You've got a set time which you may or may not keep. I never keep it - it's somewhere around 9:30, it's usually around 10:00 - but I know I'm going to be there every morning. 
 You come in and you do the same thing all the time. Many people sharpen pencils. 
 I don't have pencils, so I don't sharpen them, but I certainly have my little pens which I lay out. And so I pick that out. I put three of them out - one, two, three. 
 They're there. I bring in a cup of coffee. I have one cup of coffee in the morning and that's my coffee intake for the day. 
 I take the coffee, I place it down. I have a pitcher of cream. Very important to that I have a pitcher of cream by the coffee. I take it and pour it in the coffee. I think the spoon and stir it. I take the coffee, put it here. 
 I take my computer and I ask it to bring up the new ad I'm working on. It's wonderful that it does that - there's the 50 pages staring at me, on page one. I take this device - this is the liberator. This is the thing that removes you from all the anxiety and all the lack of self-confidence in the world. It is a timer. It is a punch-in timer. What I do with it is - I do this: I take it and boom, boom, boom, boom - and I've got thirty-three point thirty-three minutes. I then punch "on" and it starts ticking down. Now I put it down, and I am set. I have no goal for the next thirty-three point three-three minutes, except to work on the copy. Now, I don't have to work on the copy. There is absolutely no necessity for me to work on the copy. 
 I can sit there I can stare out. I can drink the coffee I can stare some more. Drink some more coffee. I can do anything in the world except get up from that desk, Not do any of that task. Not even write my own name. I just sit there. Sooner or I get bored. And my boredom comes about one or two minutes. 
 Then I begin looking at the copy. As I look at the copy I began paging up and down. And as I do that something reaches out from my computer and grabs me. And says. "Hey, aren't I beautiful? Hey, aren't I powerful? Hey. Start with me." And I say, "OK this is great. This is good but it's not quite phrased... Wouldn't it be better if we just took these words out and condensed them a little?" So I do that and then I go over them some more and then I see another one. And I do that and then another one. I have no goal that has anything to do except do the copy and. the thing that's staring me in the face 
 So I'm not worried about the test, or the money, or the overhead, or the rent, or the new car, or the new painting. That's all gone. I'm just working on that. 
 Now what I do is I work for 33.33 minutes. At the end of thirty-three point three-three minutes, this little thing rings. It's very important that it rings. Gotta get a timer that rings - because you should be so absorbed that you shouldn't notice time passing. Now we've got a timer in this room right here, besides this one, which is that television camera which is staring at me. That television camera has a 30-minute cycle, I believe. And what's going to happen at the end of 30 minutes, is that he's going to wave. How many minutes have gone? OK, four minutes. Now 20 minutes from now, this man is going to wave and we will have spent 30 minutes together. Okay. When he waves at me, I'm going to stop. I'm finished. I am going to interrupt myself and you and we're all going to sit around and do anything you want go to the bathroom, talk, scratch our heads, do anything we want for five minutes. But we're not going to do any more talking, we're not going to do any more listening. 
 Why? Because when you're working, you're not creating. The whole secret is to know when you're working - and leave work and go on to creation. What do I mean by that? Number one: copy is not written. If anyone tells you you write copy - sneer at them. Copy is not written; copy is assembled. You do not write copy. You assemble it. 
 You are working with a series of building blocks and you're putting the building blocks together - and then you are putting them in certain structures. You're building a little city of desire for your person to come and live in. 
 You are not writing. You are assembling. You are assembling claims, you are assembling images, and you're assembling desires - that people will pay 33 dollars to share with you. On a 21-day guarantee. So forget about writing. Anybody in this room who writes copy - anyone in this room who works with copy - must realize that the person they are working with or the thing they are producing is not right. Get that out of your head because you won't produce good copy. 
 Assembling Words – Windows in a Store 
 T HE ONE THING I HATE most in the world and shows me absolute disaster is when somebody comes up to me and says. "Wow! The headline is so beautiful. What did you get those words? They're gorgeous." I say, "Oh God, he's seeing the words, he's not seeing through the words, he's seeing the words themselves. No good. If you want to write poetry, if you want to write prose, if you want to write novels, if you want to write literature - go outside of advertising. 
 Words in advertising are like the windows in a store. You must be able to look right through them and see the product. If you see the window, it's dirty. And you're going to see yourself. Or you're going to see this mirror. You're not going to see the product and you're going to lose. 
 Copy should never call attention to itself. You should never know that you are reading sentences and the words should never come out by themselves. What you want people to see is the visual, visceral image of what words are conveying. 
 That is how it works. 
 You've got to break that fascination. Of course you don't have the right words. Of course you've going to have the punch headline. But when the right words come, the people don't see them, they feel them. Here: "Sneaky little arthritis tricks" Four words. None of them is an exceptional word. They're all pretty standard, mundane words. It is that combination that makes their power. One of the words is a word that should not be used in advertising: "Sneaky". Because you know we don't like to sneak around, people sneaking around is not very appealing. We don't want to be identified with those. 
 But when a person who has arthritis, and has the pain of arthritis, and humiliation, and the dependency of arthritis - sees "sneaky little arthritis tricks". And if they have gone to doctors, and spent hundreds of hours trying to follow doctors, and not been able to be helped by doctors - they know exactly what you're talking about. 
 It isn't at all like what it is when you are alone - I assume you're alone when you write. If you're in meetings that is OK, but I'm alone and I have been working for 33 minutes and I'm going to work for 1-2-3-4-5-6 33-minute periods today. 
 And I'm going to assemble, and judge, and read carefully for those thirty-three minute periods. Now what am I doing when I do that? I'm following somebody else's talk. Somebody else has organized some material and presented it in their way. They may not know the market as well as I know the market. They may not have as much training in copywriting as I do. But they are setting up a sequence, and they are setting up a vocabulary, and they're setting up a tone. They are all beautiful. But they're not going to sell the book. 
 So for the thirty three point three-three minutes, I have to be extremely logical, learning, malleable, dependent, etc. After that time, when this rings, I'm going to go into creativity. 
 Now I hate words like creativity, I despise them. Because when you say the word creativity, what does it mean? It has no image inside it. God created the heaven and the earth. What God did is he took nothing and made heaven and earth. you can't take nothing to make anything - you're not God. 
 So what we have to do is - after we've placed everything - because I like operational words. And operational words are the words we use to work from. They give you a method to work from. 
 Creativity is Connectivity 
 C REATIVITY TO ME IS what I call connectivity. Of course, it is the ability to take two ideas that already exist in two different sentences or even in two different fields. And put them together, connect them. And what you're doing when you're creative is to try and connect two separate ideas that logically will not go together - up until that moment. 
 So you're looking for a connection and looking for a brand new connection. When you have a brand new verbal word connection, you'll have something that can start your reader, something that can stop your reader, something that can inspire, move, or sell your reader. 
 We go back to "sneaky little arthritic tricks" again. Think about this for a moment. Let's talk about the publisher's position when they publish this book. This publisher has been selling books by doctors, or books by people who follow doctors, for many years now. They've had much success and grown very beautifully. Suddenly, for some reason I don't know, they come across a book about 700 people who did not follow doctors, who went away from doctors, who doctors couldn't help them. 
 They had received letters from people saying, "Hey they couldn't help us, but we did this on our own." And they published this marvelous book. People go away from doctors when the doctors can't help them. When the doctors can help them, of course, they stay with them, very simple. 
 But when patients are given very strong drugs by doctors, and go into copper bracelets, let's say - they feel very bad about that. They don't want to do it because they really rely on the doctors. They feel guilty. That was the thing that came through. 
 These people were saying I had marvelous results, fabulous results. But I still am uneasy about it. What's happening? What will the doctors say? Will they catch me? Will they take away my strong drugs, etc. 
 So I'm doing this, putting all this together, these wonderful quotes, these inspirational stories - And all of a sudden you know I'm up in left field and these four words just come - by themselves. I don't like them. I don't assemble them. I don't do anything. "Sneaky little arthritis tricks." They come. BAM. They're there. I have created this four word combination. 
 Once that comes to me, people talk about the muse. "The muse" means that your unconscious mind is delivering something to you. 
 What you do if you've got to make money on it, if you want to set records in sales with it, first you put it up and then you see what can I say after that. And then we have "sneaky little arthritis tricks" Red line, "what natural foods and do-it-yourself secrets that pain-proofed over 100 men and women like you." Now the first is a catch, a hook. The second is sort of a proof. We're talking about natural food. We're talking about do-it-yourself secrets, we're talking about being pain-proofed. And we're talking about men and women having proved this for you, so you don't have to prove it yourself. That's the second line. 
 The first line gives you this wild claim, the second line makes it doable. And then there are these immensely beautiful pictures. Wonderful pictures from the art department - and what they say: "all symptoms disappeared and not returned." This beautiful woman walking, the man who's being kissed by the child. 
 "After another 10 days I felt cured, and even the rheumatoid nodules were disappearing." And this lovely-looking lady: "I have found my salvation. It was my idea. Not the doctors. And it's better than any medicine he's prescribed to this date". So the envelope is the mailing, the complete mailing piece. Just open the envelope and send it in. We'll discuss that later. I'm talking about how the first part of the envelope came. 
 Now creativity is a natural gift. It is built into you by 2 billion years of evolution. The only thing that makes it creativity hard is that we don't know really how to become creative, we don't know really how to become connected. 
 So we say - how do we come out of the conscious mind into the unconscious mind? Again we run up against the block: the conscious mind doesn't mean anything, the unconscious mind doesn't mean anything either - except to the mystic, and that doesn't do us much good. So I think a much better word is the focused mind and the unfocused mind. 
 The mind is a very large network of cells which retain thoughts or images and translate the images and thoughts back and forth. The mind has a vast network of these cells but it specializes in using only a certain amount of cells at any particular gaze. And so when you looked at something, if I look right there, I can only see this part of the room, and not that part of the room. That is blurred. This is quite in focus. If I look at this "sneaky little arthritis tricks" I can hold seven bytes or seven words in my conscious mind at a time. That's why we read sequentially. That's why we invented writing that goes along a line and interrupts itself, and goes along another line and interrupts itself, goes along another line... We can only hold seven of those. Now that is our mind focus. Seven images, words at a time. Now surrounding those seven is this huge number, this huge saucer of other ideas which are turning around. They are not focused - they are unfocused - and they're floating around. 
 When you are focused, and you pay attention, you only concentrate on the logical things that come into your mind that you you're paying attention to - and the others stay out. When you want to become creative, when you want to get new connections to those seven things in the center - you gotta get out of there. And that's why we work for 33 minutes and that's why we play for five minutes. The brain connects when it plays. When it works, thinks, uses logic, etc.,it doesn't connect. It doesn't make explicit connections. 
 How Mozart Wrote – On a Billiard Table 
 T HE BEST EXAMPLE OF that I've ever seen - and there are a lot of good ones - is the movie Amadeus. About Mozart. Mozart was a very unusual man, died at age 32 I think. And he never re-wrote his music. He always - if you look at his scores - every note is put in place and it was never changed. 
 It was as though he just wrote it from God - and then sent it out to the page. 
 But it wasn't. He had a very simple system of escaping his focused, conscious mind. And it was on a billiard table - he always had a billiard table every where he went. And he would stand, and he would have his pen, and he would have his score, and he would have the billiard table, and he would have the cue ball. He would take the white ball, in his left hand, and he would throw it out and so it would hit one-two-three sides and came back to him. And he would pick it up, catch it as it came back, and throw it out - one-two-three sides and back. As it went and this little journey through three sides, he wrote a note. Then he picked it up, threw it again, and wrote the note while it was traveling picked it up again. And he wrote one note at a time every three times it hit. Why? It was very simple. 
 His conscious mind - if you throw a billiard ball out to hit three of those sides, the sides are soft enough that they'd randomize the billiard ball. It doesn't become a predictable trajectory. It will vary slightly. 
 Therefore your conscious mind must watch it change its direction as goes out - you can't turn it into an unconscious mind. So your conscious mind - becomes the focused mind - becomes trapped in watching that billiard ball. Your unfocused mind can therefore use this entire range to furnish you with the notes you were looking for. 
 This is what we do. Now, I have written more headlines while I shave then when I've ever been at the computer. 
 I have pads - I'm such a slob - I have pads all over the house. And I always carry - even when I'm at a show - I'll carry a pen, honestly. 
 I'll write, write, write, write - and here's the idea I'm looking for. If you get into the habit of doing this and letting yourself “gulp” - of having fun, of letting anything in the world come into your mind, even though lots of these are going to be thrown out. Eventually as you begin going to other things (especially on vacations) I write. Most of my best ads and most of my best books are written in the margins of other people's books, while on vacation. 
 What happens is that you're down there listening to - like watching this gorgeous ocean, this beautiful cloud, listening to a CD player. You're always working - on nothing. But your mind suddenly begins outing forth this stuff - you see this scratch down the side - and you can write. You want to go into a feeding frenzy, because you want to go into a creative frenzy. You want to have the ideas coming so much into your mind that you can't stop. 
 Never Work On Only One Thing At A Time. 
 I N THE SAME WAY NEVER work on one thing at a time. I work on one book, one article, and one ad at the same time - I will spend an hour with one of them, an hour with the second of them, an hour with third one. That's why I say three hours. When I am working on the biography of Jesus Christ in the year 33 A.D. I will get his marvelous ideas for my ad. I know it and I will scratch them down. 
 Now it's silly. But the creative unfocused mind is by nature, silly. So it is called by Gardener - James Gardener was the best psychologist around - the "creative triangle". 
 When you are working on simultaneous projects, continuing simultaneous projects, one will feed the other. And by allowing yourself to go from one to the other. Your unconscious mind can work on one while your conscious mind is working on the other. And this is like ping-pong, three-sided ping-pong. So that is creativity. 
 Getting Your Reader to Read 
 L ET'S TALK ABOUT WRITING “many-pieces”. What does a many-piece consist of? 
 Every one of the many-pieces I have here, most the many-pieces I've seen, has separate elements. The first element of course is the envelope. Contained within the envelope there is a series of letters, fliers, sub-fliers, inserts, lip-letters. etc. and there's an order blank. 
 The entire idea is to get the people to go from the envelope to the order blank. Everything in between is a subsidiary to that - it's just there because it helps. I am sitting here at this desk which is much like my desk, and I've done my three hours of writing, and I am ready for lunch. Then I'm ready to do whatever I want for the afternoon. 
 But I've got to the mailer. And I hate the mail. I like the mail because I make money in the mail, but I hate the mail because it's a lot of stuff. 
 So here I am. This is all elementary and you heard it a dozen times before, but it's imperative. 
 So I take my mail and I sort it into two piles. This pile is dead - you have lost money. You are wiped out. You will never see the inside, you will never sign an order blank. He or she. This pile is the active pile. He will come back, or she will come back to it. She will look at it. Now, at the top of both of these is what is usually called the headline. "Sneaky little arthritis tricks." "A new generation of natural home remedies." And the question has always been as an extremely good question is what about the headline? What does the headline do? How long should the headline be? how many headlines did you have on an envelope? Etc.. 
 When I first began writing copy the accepted belief was that there should be a single headline - and the single headline should read into the copy. Preferably the headline should sell the product or give an to an overwhelming claim. They have tremendous power. The key word is power. Power to sell, power etc. I hate that. The headline has absolutely nothing in the world view except one thing: to get you to read the sentence underneath the headline. The sentence underneath the headline has absolutely nothing in the world to do except one thing: to get you to read the sentence that follows it. The sentence that followed it has absolutely nothing to do except to get you to read the the sentence that follows it. 
 The headline should not try to sell, it should not try to identify the company, it should not try to present overwhelming power. 
 All it's gotta do is to get the prospect to read the next line, that's all. Everything else is forget it. 
 "Sneaky little arthritis tricks" is only there so the person will read "what natural foods and do-it-yourself secrets that pain-proofed over one hundred men and women like you." 
 Why? Because all you have to do is get them into this habit of reading one line after another line after another line. 
 They should read every line. Preferably on this envelope. They should then want to read more and turn over. When they get here, they should probably read that and then they should preferably open. Now, on the back we talk about Youth Pills given away free. And the last line on the back is, "See other age reversal miracles inside." 
 It's nice if you can ask them to move inside. Give them some reason for opening up the envelope. The big problem is to open the envelope. 
 I would say in general that the headline is replaced by the envelope. The entire envelope the front and back are your sales pitch. 
 You can have hundreds of words on the envelope. They don't have to be headlines. All they have to do is be tantalizing. I love the fact that for a while we all could use these marvelous big things although this is a brand piece which is also being sent out at the moment. 
 Because it gives us a lot of room. And we can sell and sell and sel,l and prove and prove and prove, and demonstrate and demonstrate. 
 So that's wonderful. You get them to open up. That's all you have to do - all you have to do is get them to open up. 
 They take it out and the first thing that approaches them is the letter, usually. It doesn't have to be, there's no reason for it to be, but usually the letter is. And it says "What arthritis doctors won't tell you." Conventional, purposely conventional, Because they've had so much hitting here that I simply want to make it very soft here. And then in the next line is, "Unbelievable as it may sound, dear friends,. about 100 of our participants, fully 100 men and women who suffered for years in the agonies of arthritis no longer see a doctor, a physical therapist or any kind of practitioner for arthritis treatment. For example..." 
 What's In Your Copy? 
 A ND THEN WE GO INTO a series of case histories and the entire six-page letter of case histories. 
 What are the case histories? A case history is a proof of someone that acted as your surrogate. They proved the product so you don't have to take a list with it. Then we have the flier. The flier is devoted to doctors proving this. Doctors - what they say about this. That's all on that and then you have the flier of the "Forever Young Premium". 
 You have to do two things in all of this material. 
 Number one, you have to pile belief upon belief upon belief, desire upon desire upon desire. 
 Number two, you have to give them an escape route. 
 There are some people who will absolutely love to read every word, and you will have to satisfy them. There were some people who will read not that much. They don't want to. 
 And so, they will go on at that point. If you have a money-back guarantee, for a twenty-one day trial - they'll go directly into that. 
 That answered the question how long copy should be. The copy should be as long as you need to contain the claims – and not bankrupt the company that's sending this around. 
 But, always remember that within that copy - the person can cut out at any moment. 
 So you want to give him on the envelope, and in the first page of the letter, and the flier, enough to be a complete menu piece to get them to the trial. 
 So the people can't stay with you or don't have the time or the interest to stay with you can order anyway and try it. 
 You've also got to remember that you're never selling anything. Never ever ever ever ever sell anything. In mail order, you always ask a person to try something. 
 The book will sell itself. A lot of people know that now, and of course the return is light because if they don't like the book, and that's wonderful, but at least they tried the book. And they'll try the next one. 
 Who Are You Writing To? 
 I N CONJUNCTION WITH that, you have to ask the question "Who are you writing to?" Very important question. Absolutely essential. Are you writing to a man? Are you writing to a woman? Are you ready to an individual of both sexes? Are you writing for a mass audience? What is your audience for this? Unless you know that and can answer that, then of course you can't really direct your copy to them. The answer is very simple. But in two ways: you're writing to an individual - a single person always, who shares a problem or a desire with a huge mass of other people. 
 Now, that means you identify the problem, Arthritis, very large, with the person who is getting these mailing pieces, which also leads you to the most powerful words in the English language. And the most powerful words in the English language is not "yes" and it is not "free". It's "you" and the word "you" is absolutely determinative in publishing, mail-order publishing, and mail-order marketing. 
 Editorially, when I see someone say, "Take the hands and apply the cream to the face" - I go crazy. Because there are no "the" hands and there are no "the" face. There was only your hands and your face. So the first thing the copywriter has to do - the first remedy, if those things are there - the copywriter has to apply to the editorial and change all the "the's" to all the "you's". 
 Now when you begin to work on those issues of the "you", then you'll begin to see that the "you" is highly individuated and this single person who represents this mass of people are completely unique and you have to be able to find out their uniqueness and be able to talk to it. 
 When I did the arthritis copy, I had never met anyone intimately who had arthritis. 
 Therefore, I didn't really know much about arthritis, but the people who wrote the book, the people who wrote the letters and wrote the book, knew intimately about arthritis. And I found that they talked a language that was completely incomprehensible to me and that's "IUDs" and "I use this kind of drug, that kind of drug". 
 So I determined that I would try in the copy to use many technical terms as possible because those people were familiar with both technical terms. They had been with doctors for years and failed and therefore that would make it more you-full. 
 Not youthful but "you-full". Your copy has to be full of "you's" and the "you" has to be so the person can identify - you must be that person. 
 Success is Lonely 
 T HAT BRINGS UP ANOTHER general thing - which is for every profession, no matter what you do. Success is extremely lonely. 
 And if you want to be successful you have to accept the loneliness and you have to accept the extreme modesty and humbleness that success demands. I'll tell you why: you have to know the person that you are going to ask for something. If you're a salesman, if you're a lawyer and it's the judge, etc. You have to know that person intimately. There's only one way you can learn that and that's this: the greatest asset after hard work is the ability to listen. 
 You have to listen to several different layers out there in order to be successful. You have to listen first of all to the person who has whatever you've got - the problem you're working with and trying to solve. 
 You have to know that person so well that you can sound like him and he will mistake you for his mirror image. 
 You have to know the kind of society he comes from, the layer of society he comes from and finally you have to know that society. 
 So when you go to a party, when you get in the taxi, when you're with somebody on a bus, or a subway - your job is to ask questions, show appreciation and listen. 
 I was born in Butte Montana, and that is one of the great heritages I ever got. Because I spent 15 years in one of the smallest backward cities like the United States. I never lost - my mother used to say you could take a boy out of Montana, but you can't take Montana out of the boy. 
 I don't want to lose that. I think and I feel just 80% of the population of this country. 
 But when I went to New York, I became extremely sophisticated, and I now hang out with extremely sophisticated people and that's horrible. And what I do is I constantly, "Get away from that, get away from that." 
 I would suggest that you do that too. When you reach your level of success, you are in danger. Merchandising. Merchandise, people are in love with that. You'll lose that kind of feeling and you got to keep it. You'll tend to lose all of of that environment. That's the environment you're selling into, that's the environment that feeds you, and that's the environment you must be able to breathe in. 
 Required Reading and Movies 
 T HAT'S WHY I SAY THAT required reading for you is all the junk magazines in the United States. I would go out now and get a subscription to the National Enquirer and read every single word in it. That's your audience. There are your headlines. There are your people and their feelings. I would definitely get Vanity Fair. I would watch the tabloid television shows. I would and I do. I get in trouble when there's people walking through my house and see the piles of stuff - and I love it. If a movie sells a 100 million dollars or more especially, if that movie does 200 to 300 million dollars or more, I would go to it three or four times. 
 I especially recommend Joel Silver movies. Go out and get all the Joel Silver movies and watch them over and over again. Joel Silver did such immortal classics as Lethal Weapon one, two, and three. Death Wish 6, 7, and 8. Pretty Woman, which is the great movie anyway. 
 You've got to sit in front of Lethal Weapon One. At least - I mean honestly, this is the greatest training for any merchandiser in the world, especially copy people, etc. You've got to sit in front of it three times. Preferably sit in front of it at least two to three times in one night. And you've got to be - honestly. Well let me explain. 
 All right. Let me explain. You got to pick up the rhythm. And you gotta see how Silver, who is absolute genius - Spielberg and Silver are the two great communication geniuses of our country at this moment. 
 Every time - right, take a stopwatch and time him - every three minutes equals another blast at you. There's another head being smashed against a windshield. There's another 50 people being blown out of an airplane, and then there's a few minutes of dialogue (which means nothing) and then there's there's another BAM! All right? 
 Now, what you are doing is you are writing Joel Silver copy. You don't write - I don't write - this letter is not a series of paragraphs. This letter is a series of headlines. These paragraphs are brains smashing against windows. 
 Believe me every one of them can be taken and put up here. 
 You've got to give them the punch. You asking someone to read hundreds of words, to spend 15 or 20 minutes with you on a busy day. 
 You gotta give them that charge. Charge, charge, charge. Joel Silver movies. 
 You better know, really, this is an isolated group. We deal with the older audience so you'd better know all the older songs all of the great hits of the 50s -60s so you know them better. They still reverberate, they still make people feel. It might be good to know the top ten. 
 Teenage movies. Movies and hits and songs. You have to know - people live by hidden desires. Imperative for you to know. I was at Phillips and I gave somewhat this same lecture. In the question and answer period, there was an extremely disturbed young man. Brilliant man. Put up his hand and said, "How would you sell a ninety-nine dollar investment letter? What would you research for a ninety-nine dollar investment letter? To the finest people in America." I said "Wall Street - Gecko". He said, "Gecko?" Remember, in the movie Wall Street, there was a terrible promoter called Gecko? He was a real slime. Every one of that man's readers wants to be Gecko. He wants to be square, honest, and uncut - Gecko.. You've got to know when your people are and you've got to face up to the reality that we have shameful desires - and some of the great desires - you are giving people health, but you also giving them that kind of rush. 
 Heaven and Hell 
 V ERY INTERESTING TO think of your merchandise to presen it as - a person is here, In the center, and over here is hell and over there is heaven 
 What you are doing is presenting him with the opportunity to go to heaven, and escape hell. Heaven and Hell. Think in terms that dramatic. The absolute agony of arthritis versus a pain-free, healthy life for the next 50 years. Heaven and hell, you are talking in dramatic terms. 
 You must realize that your people are the finest people in the world. You must have that firm belief. Americans are the nicest people in the world. They are fair, they are honest, they want good things. They want good things for themselves and their children. They are very intelligent. 
 It's incredible to see people that other people think are not intelligent, and really talk to them and let them open up - and make them unafraid to open up and find out how smart they are. 
 But they are not giving you their full attention. Their fullest smartness, etc. They are giving you part-attention and you must be very dramatic to get through. 
 Just like a painting on a wall. If you make the painting very small on the wall and somebody goes over there, they can't see it. So you make it very big and with great deal of contrast and they can see it. So you have to be melodramatic and be fair and be honest and fill yourself with proof - and they will respond. They are good people. 
 We've often send out two books in my company, we send out two books to the same person. We do it all the time because they slip through. And we continually get those books back from people - and they say you sent us two books. And they paid two dollars and 50 cents to send them back to you. They're wonderful people. 
 The Engine that Moves Copy 
 A ND THEN ALSO - THE engine that moves mail order copy can be summarized as a contrast between the claims and the mechanism. 
 You make a strong claim that's easily obtained. The claim and the mechanism. I wrote an ad for this company a long time ago called "tricks of the trade so powerful they can change your life". I think it ran a eighteen years or something like that. It was pretty strong. One of the lines was: a way to vacuum dust from drawers without removing their contents. 
 It doesn't sound possible, right? And how do we do it? So you've got a very strong claim with a very strange mechanism - so what that person has to do is, he has to go to page 71 and find out. If you get enough of these, they'll do it. 
 Now as you begin to develop as a company, and a person within the company, what you're going to find is - you're going to run into claim exhaustion. Claim exhaustion is the fact the claims all begin to sound the same. How many ways you can you cure arthritis? How many pounds can you tell the person they'll lose? You're getting to the point where everything looks the same, it blurs. When you get to that point, your copy is going to have to make up for the claim. The copy is going to have to give a way of doing this - or a way of achieving this - that is so strange the person will believe your claim all over again enough to try it. 
 Now, the master of that is Boardroom. Boardroom has evolved a style in which the mechanism is as important as the claim. And if you look at a Boardroom piece, you'll find that the claim doesn't sound so intense. "What can never be done in an airplane?” "Bills that are OK to pay late." 
 They're nice, but they're not alarming. And they sound very little - most copywriters can't figure out how they pull. They pull because there's an implied mechanism there, that you would like to see. One of the greatest things is "You can't cash an unsigned check right? Wrong. See Page 72.". 
 What is this? What does this miracle way? 
 So the more your field progresses, the more the claim-density that came before you that you have to fight - even the longer stuff - the more you have to twist. Twist, twist, twist. 
 Let me see if I've got anything else, and then we'll go onto your questions. I see there's a few little things. 
 Can't Be Done's 
 W E CALL THESE "CAN 't be done's". It's a lovely way to think about it. You're trying to get yourself a mechanism and imply a mechanism for a medium-sized or very, very, vague claim. But better for a medium-sized claim, because it's more believable, and then give something that simply cannot be done. And then the person will have to send for the book see how it's done. He will even send for the book that he doesn't believe you because he wants to prove you wrong. Because it itches in his mind and he can't sleep at night.. 
 A lot of nice things this company has helped me do. This is something that was strictly done for this company. I mean I do other things like this. Now the company does other things like this but this is an overloaded envelope. It is not like this envelope which is beautiful and full of illustrations is a rather ugly envelope it's beautifully done by the art department board. They do indeed Miss much copy. All right. I apologize to the department. But look at the number of claims about got 30 some different claims on the front of the envelope and on the back of the envelope you've got almost 50. OK. This is a wonderful sales medium and I think it was invented here working with these people. It is a bait you are able in this company Hu a little while in copy on the envelopes I think with the first company we who copy on the go. I also want to say in closing only thing here he has a lovely hand. I can't be done. 
 Here's another example: "Unspoken rules make or break your career." OK, how can you know its a rule when it's unspoken? It's going to make or break your career? Very good headline because people have to find out what it is. 
 Every company comes up against the fatigue factor. The fatigue factor Is the mailing that sells like mad the first time, and then sells less the second time and after X number of these re-mails, fails to sell. What you do is absolutely right on. You simply take the product and assign new copywriters. 
 The only way I could even compete against it is to go completely around and throw out everything that the previous person has done and create a new product. Now you've got to realize that a product is not a book. 
 You do not sell books. You do not sell magazines. You do not sell newsletters. You sell bundles of news, functions, things that this thing will do. So that when you get a book and it gets tired, what you have to do is go in and get a whole new set of news. So I went in and did a whole new set of news - "doctors astounded by new food cures" which hadn't been played out before. And then there were quotes from doctors on the side. And it out-pulled the great piece that came before it. Of course the old piece that came before it was tired and had been around, but nevertheless it did. So never say a product is dead unless you've exhausted all it's bundles of news. 
 Using Premiums to Sell Books 
 I AGREE ENTIRELY WITH the fact that every book should be offered with at least one and sometimes two premiums. 
 People will send for the book to get the premium. 
 The whole reason you send this out is to get the people to try for any reason you can. People love something free. 
 You have a wonderful way of manufacturing Reunion's recycling green is absolutely irresistible. You simply take old book chapters and you put them into a printer. 
 The person is happier when he gets a premium. You never sell and mail order anything once. You always are going for the next sale. You're always playing pool. You're always sinking the ball and at the same time you getting a position on the next shot. Somebody will get to the book, get a premium, likes both of them - is going to order more than someone who gets a good book. 
 I choose premiums not very close to the subject and others choose premiums that are quite close. I don't know which is better. 
 They both seem to work enormously well again. 
 I absolutely am sold on premiums - I wouldn't sell anything without one. 
 
=== c008.xhtml ===

 What the Copywriter Needs to Know 
 
 What the Copywriter Needs to Know 
 A. Copywriting Basics 
 C OPYWRITER'S NEEDED attributes: 
 1. Ability to analyze a market: 
 •  its stage of awareness 
 •  its stage of sophistication 
 •  the driving emotional forces that created that market 
 •  the potential for sales 
 2. A Ready Intuition 
 •  sense a trend at its start, 
 •  gauge its force and direction, 
 •  determine the precise moment it becomes profitable 
 3. Verbal Creativity 
 •  Give a name to the still undefined, 
 •  capture a feeling, hope, desire, fear in words 
 •  create a catchword or slogan 
 •  focus emotion and give it a goal 
 Copywriting techniques are directed to the one end of building conviction, instilling the desire for your product and strengthening that desire with the belief that the product will do what the prospect wants. 
 VERBALIZATION - increasing headline impact 
 
 1. strengthen the claim 
 2. make the claim new and fresh again 
 3. help the claim pull the prospect into the body of the ad 
 Personality 
 Every product, store, or group of products has a distinct and complete personality to the consumer. The personality is complex, with many traits. One of these traits will always be the most effective in summarizing and expressing this personality. The personality is simplified, symbolized, and sharpened to grasp the reader. 
 Prevention Headlines 
 Work when you enable the prospect to imagine those problems afflicting his loved ones, friends, wife and children, even his nation. 
 Splinter Markets 
 Markets are not all in one piece. There are different mechanisms that apply to subsets of a market. 
 Smaller segments can be targeted, regionally or by sociology. 
 Focusing that appeal then affects all the parts of the campaign - selection of media and channels of distribution. When successful, that campaign can be expanded. 
 Inside Your Prospect's Head 
 After the headline, your body copy does the selling. By altering your prospect's vision of reality. Your product emerges as the fulfillment of the dominant desire that caused this prospect to respond to your headline. 
 You need to take as much copy as you need to accomplish 
 
 a. building her desire for that product, 
 b. make her feel both comfortable and complimented by that product, to visualize the new life structure she's built with that product in it, 
 c. compensate for existing prejudices and beliefs. 
 B. How to align mass desire onto your product. 
 P ERMANENT FORCES HAVE 
 
 •  Mass Instinct 
 •  Mass technological problem (lack of ease) 
 The forces of change are: 
 
 •  The beginning, the fulfillment, and the reversal of a trend. 
 •  Mass Education. 
 The copywriters job: 
 
 •  His first job therefore is to detect already-existing mass desires – inventory them – chart their force and direction. 
 •  His second job is to harness his products onto their backs. 
 Your ad (headline) leads your market to your product. 
 How to create the ad/headline depends on: 
 
 1. What is the mass desire that creates this market? (Which we have already discovered.) 
 2. How much do these people know today about the way your product satisfies this desire? (Their State of Awareness.) 
 3. How many other products have been presented to them before yours? (Their State of Sophistication.) 
 How to Channel Mass Desire Onto Your Particular Product 
 I. Choose the most powerful desire that can be applied to that product. 
 Each mass desire has 
 •  Urgency, intensity, degree of demand 
 •  Staying power, degree of repetition, inability to get satiated. 
 •  Scope - number of people who share this desire. 
 II. Acknowledge that desire, reinforce it, offer means to satisfy - in a single headline statement. 
 III. Show the prospect how the product performances satisfy that desire. 
 Analysis Of Your Product 
 Any product has the physical product (features), and the product in action (benefits): 
 •  Price 
 •  Quality 
 •  Continued performances 
 •  Sharpen the reader's mental picture of that performance 
 •  Give a fresh new basis for believability 
 While any ad can feature one of a dozen built-in product performances, it can only effectively tap into one mass desire at a time. 
 It is the performance of your product, satisfying the mass desire of your market, that provides the selling power of your ad. 
 Readers are preoccupied and will only give your headline a single glance - only one thought can penetrate that reader's indifference during that glance. If your first thought holds him, he'll read the second. If that holds him, he'll read the third - and then probably read through the rest of the ad. 
 It's the copywriter's job to get the prospect to read the whole story. 
 C. What Your Prospect's State of Awareness Demands From Your Headline 
 1 . MOST ARE AWARE OF it 
 Prospect knows of the product, knows what it does, knows she wants it. Ad simply states the name, a bargain price (and how to get it now.) 
 2. Knows of the Product, but doesn't want it. 
 Your headline must 
 
 a. reinforce your prospect's desire for your product 
 b. sharpen her image of how your product satisfies that desire 
 c. extend her image of when and where your product satisfies that desire 
 d. introduce new proof of how the product satisfies that desire 
 e. announce a new mechanism in that product which satisfies that desire even better 
 f. announce a new mechanism in that product which eliminates former limitations 
 g. or completely change the image of the mechanism of that product, to remove it from competition of other products (which claim to satisfy the same desire.) 
 3. Introducing New Product 
 The prospect either knows, or recognizes immediately, that he wants what the product does; but he doesn't yet know that there is a product – your product – that will do it for him. 
 •  Name the desire and/or its solution in your headline. 
 •  Prove the solution can be accomplished 
 •  Show the mechanism for that accomplishment is contained in your product. 
 4. Introduce Products that Solve Needs 
 The prospect has – not a desire – but a need. She doesn't see the connection between the fulfillment of that need and your product. 
 •  Dramatize the need, 
 •  Get the prospect to realize how badly she needs the solution. 
 •  Present your product as the inevitable solution. 
 5. Open up a Completely Unaware Market 
 Each of these stages is separated from the others by a psychological wall. One side is indifference, the other side hold intense interest. A headline that works in one market in one stage of awareness won't work in another market in another stage of awareness. And it won't work in a market once that market moves to a new stage of awareness. 
 In an unaware market, 
 
 a. Price means nothing. 
 b. The name of your product means nothing. 
 c. A direct statement of what your product does, what desire it satisfies, or what problem it solves - simply won't work. 
 What you are doing essentially in this fifth stage is calling your market together in the headline of your ad. You are writing an identification headline. It echoes an emotion, an attitude, a satisfaction that picks people out from a crowd and binds them together with a single statement. 
 You tell them what they are, defining them for themselves. You are giving information they need and want, about a problem so vague you are the first to put it into words. 
 The headline in this case simple sells the remainder of the ad itself. Your prospect must identify with your headline before she can buy from it. It must pick out the product's logical prospects - and reject as many people as it attracts. 
 In effective advertising, styles change while strategy doesn't. 
 Desires still exist. 
 A Final Word on Style in Advertising Copy 
 Markets change; desires change; fashions change. And so do the acceptable styles of advertisements change. Certain advertising styles – the form your advertising message takes – grow tired with time – then stale – then actually laughable. 
 When a new style is born, people believe it, and it reinforces the message it is carrying. When that same style grows trite, people cannot see the message for the advertisement. 
 In effective advertising, though styles may change, strategy does not. 
 D. Know the Stages of Sophistication of your Market 
 F IRST IN THE MARKET 
 If you are the first in your particular market, with your particular product – then you are dealing with prospects that have no sophistication about your product at all. 
 Be simple, direct, state either the need or claim in your headline. Dramatize that need in your copy as powerfully as possible, then bring in the product and prove that it works. 
 Second in the market 
 If you're second, and the direct claim is still working – then copy that successful claim – but enlarge on it. Drive it to the absolute limit. Outbid your competition. 
 Third Stage 
 Your prospects have now heard all the claims – all the extremes. Perhaps they have even bought one or two competitive products. Mere repetition or exaggeration won't work any more. 
 Get a new mechanism to make the old promise work. The emphasis shifts from what the product does to how it works. Performance becomes dominant. 
 Fourth stage 
 If a competitor has just introduced a new mechanism to achieve the same claim as that performed by your product, and that new-mechanism announcement is producing sales, then you counter in this way. Simply elaborate or enlarge upon the successful mechanism. Make it easier, quicker, surer; allow it to solve more of the problem; overcome old limitations; promise extra benefits. 
 Fifth stage 
 In this Final Stage of Sophistication, your market no longer believes in your advertising, and therefore no longer wishes to he aware of your product. You are dealing here with the problem of bringing your prospect into your ad – not through desire – but through identification. 
 E. The 7 Basic Techniques of Breakthrough Advertising 
 I. Intensification 
 T HE ART OF SALESMANSHIP is expanding existing desire - among more and more people, sharpening it and magnifying it, building it to such a pitch that it overcomes obstacles of skepticism, lethargy, price - and results in the sale. 
 Advertising is salesmanship in print - the literature of desire, society's encyclopedia of dreams. Advertising gives form and content to desire, providing it with a goal. 
 Desires are indistinct, and so have only a fraction of their true potential power. Your job is to fill these vague desires with concrete images, to multiply their strength by number of satisfactions that you can suggest to achieve them. 
 The copywriter uses imagination and enthusiasm to script the prospect's dreams. Chronicle his future and show him in minute detail all the tomorrows that your product makes possible. Translate unformulated desire into one vivid scene of fulfillment after another. The sharper you can draw your pictures, the more your prospect will demand your product and less important will seem your price. 
 Different media will need different approaches - with the strict limits of text, you either have to boil down projections and images into a few words, or run repetitive instances as a campaign with embellishments through a series of ads. 
 Your prospect will take only a single dominant image from your ad. Every new way you can present that idea, it becomes sharper and more real and builds more emotional weight. 
 The opposing forces are the material presented by similar products in other ads, as well as your own phraseology. Repeating the same phrases will bore the prospect - you must vary your viewpoint in subsequent descriptions. You can't repeat, but you can reinforce. 
 This is Intensification . It has several techniques: 
 1. Your First Presentation of Your Claims Present the product or the satisfaction it gives directly by a detailed description of the appearance or the results it gives. 2. Put the Claims in Action Expand the image - put the product into action for your reader. Show the benefits it gives the reader. 3. Bring In the Reader Put the reader into an action story, a verbal demonstration of what will happen the first day she owns that product. 4. Show Him How to Test Your Claims Have the reader visualize herself proving the performance of your product - gaining its benefits immediately - in the most specific and dramatic way possible. 5. Stretch Out Your Benefits in Time Expand the reader's vision further into time, showing a continuous flow of benefits 6. Bring In an Audience Bring other actors into the scene - testimonials of new perspectives to see the product through. 7. Show Experts Approving Bring in excited experts. But not only celebrities and ordinary people can be used to reaffirm the product benefits. 8. Compare, Contrast, Prove Superiority Competition can be brought in as contrast, showcasing your advantages. 9. Picture the Black Side, Too Get naked - examine your products faults and meet these objections. 10. Show How Easy It Is to Get These Benefits Variations are endless - price, availability, ease of use, durability, even un-boxing it - these give fresh perspectives to reemphasize its benefits. 11. Use Metaphor, Analogy, Imagination There are infinite opportunities for the use of imagination to present those facts in more dramatic form, outside of the rigidly realistic approach. 12. Before You're Done, Summarize Summarize - create a catalog of specs. Or a catalog of perspectives (desires) you've presented. 13. Put Your Guarantee to Work Call for action, with a last brief summary (PS) and guarantee. II. Identification 
 T HE SECOND KIND OF desire could be titled the Longing for Identification. Your prospect desires to act out certain roles in his life, to define himself to the world around him, to express the qualities within himself that he values, and the positions he has attained. 
 
 1. Turn your product into an instrument for achieving these roles. 
 2. Turn that product into an acknowledgement that these roles have been achieved 
 Every product should offer fulfillment of a physical want or need - and offer him a particular method of fulfilling that need: that defines him to the outside world as a particular kind of human being. 
 Building identification starts with discovering the built-in personality of the product. It has a primary image, which is acceptable, neutral, or negative. Emphasize it or tone it down (if negative.) 
 
 1) Subordinate it while you retain it 
 2) Use as a logical link to bring in more favorable images. Only limit to new images is that you must include the primary image as its base - they must be logically consistent with it's broadest meaning. 
 Multi-image symbols broaden the size of the market by grafting on new emotional appeals, and to deepen and intensify it's emotional attraction already felt. 
 Answer these Questions: 
 1. What do people already believe about the personality of your product? 
 2. What other primary image do I have to use as a believability-bridge to connect what my prospect already believes with what I want him to believe when he finishes my ad? 
 Search for image-sources in the physical product: 
 
 1. Its appearance; 
 2. Its components and structure; and 
 3. The technical background from which it emerged 
 III. Gradualization (Induction) 
 H OW TO MAKE YOUR PROSPECT believe your claims before you state them. 
 Three Dimensions of the Mind: Desire - Identification - Belief 
 The need to believe – and the need for secure beliefs – is just as powerful an emotional force as the strongest desire for physical satisfaction, or the most urgent search for expression. 
 The basic rule of belief, then, can simply be stated as this: 
 If you violate your prospect's established beliefs in the slightest degree – either in content or direction – then nothing you promise him, no matter how appealing, can save your ad. 
 But, on the other hand, and even more important: 
 If you can channel the tremendous force of his belief – either in content or direction – behind only one claim, no matter how small, then that one fully-believed claim will sell more goods than all the half-questioned promises your competitors can write for all the rest of their days. 
 As far as advertising is concerned, then, belief is immutable. But it has its function – and one of its great sources of strength – to extend them. Build a bridge between those facts as they exist in your prospect's mind and those they must believe to accept your claims. 
 This process of leading logically through a gradual succession of more remote facts is Gradualization. (Inductive Reasoning/Marketing.) 
 The Architecture of Belief 
 E VERY CLAIM, EVERY image, every proof in your ad has two separate sources of strength - 
 
 1. The content of that statement itself; and 
 2. The preparation you have made for that statement – either by recognizing that preparation as already existing in your prospect's mind, or by deliberately laving the groundwork for that statement in the preceding portion of the ad itself. 
 We can strengthen the power of each of these statements in two separate ways - 
 
 1. By increasing the intensity of its content 
 2. By changing the place or position or sequence in which that statement occurs in the ad 
 Start your ad with an accepted statement, then build a chain of following acceptances on this first one. When a power-claim headline doesn't work – for reasons either of Awareness or Sophistication – they immediately split it against a second headline, with far fewer claims in it, but far more likely to be believed. They build a belief bridge from this second headline, to the same exact claims they had featured in the first, but now anticipated by careful preparation every step along the way. 
 
 1. The introduction of the product claim itself – may be made far more effective if it is delayed till the prospect has been prepared to accept it. And 
 2. This willingness to believe without question can gradually be built up, layer by layer and agreement by agreement, through use of the proper structure. 
 Belief ultimately depends upon structure. Just as desire depends upon promise, so belief in that promise depends upon the amount of preparation that promise has been given before your reader is asked to accept it. 
 Strengthen Believability Structure 
 O NE FULLY-BELIEVED promise has ten times the sales power often partially-believed promises. Instead of just piling on more promises, strengthen the believability-structure of the original promise. 
 1. The Inclusion Question : permit the prospect to immediately identify with your story. 
 2. Detailed Identification : detail symptoms or problems that are your prospect's reasons for desiring your product. 
 3. Contradiction of Present (False) Beliefs : used to prepare a foundation for strong claim-statements that the reader might never accept raw. 
 4. The Language of Logic : They are the words we use when we reason. 
 5. Syllogistic Thinking : you prove that your product works, through the mechanism of logical reasoning. 
 6. Other Belief Forms : 
 •  Contingency Structures – such as "If... then ...", or "Was your., then " 
 •  Repetition of Proof: Echoing – such as "These experts found... . These experts found... . These experts found. ..." 
 •  Promise – Belief – Promise Variation . Where every sentence of promise is followed (ideally) with another of proof, or verification, or documentation. So that the reader never has the breathing space to question. 
 •  Paragraph Parallelism . Where the same word structure used in an accepted statement is then picked up exactly, and used to borrow acceptance for a fresh claim. 
 There are many more, of course. Some are words, some are chains of reasoning, some are merely the physical arrangement of the copy on the page 
 IV. Redefinition 
 
 1) The product which sounds too complicated. Simplify. 
 2) The product which is not important enough. Redefine - broaden the benefits of the product. 
 3) The product costs too much (above others in its class.) Mechanize - compare it to some other, more expensive standard (apples vs. oranges). 
 N OTICE HOW SIMILAR Gradualization and Redefinition are. Notice how each operates below the surface of the conscious mind. Gradualization by its structure – by its arrangement of facts and phrases. Redefinition by its rearrangement of perspective. 
 Each is an extremely subtle and powerful way of building belief. Each deserves much more study than we can give it here. 
 V. Mechanization 
 D EMANDS BY THE PROSPECT : 
 
 1. Demands for more information, more image, more desire. "Tell me more." 
 2. Demands for proof. "Oh yeah? Who says so?" 
 3. Demands for a mechanism. "How does it work?" 
 Stage One: Name the Mechanism 
 You may now take advantage of their investment by simply naming the mechanism, and going on to beat them with your price or other features. 
 Stage Two: Describe the Mechanism 
 
 1. Because the prospect doesn't understand their mechanism and... 
 2. Because everybody else has the same mechanism, and the same promise, and the same price. 
 So you have the classic situation of Promise – Reason why. 
 The first rule of mechanism copy is that it is not scientific discourse. You must never allow it to become dull, or merely factual. You must load it with promise, load it with emotion. 
 Stage Three: Feature the Mechanism 
 •  If people assume that they know how your product works, sum up in a word or a phrase. 
 •  If people are not quite sure how it works, describe the mechanism until they believe you. 
 •  If you have an exceptionally strong or dramatic mechanism then sell hell out of that mechanism. 
 •  Our readers do not always believe the truth when we tell it to them. 
 VI. Concentration 
 S UPERIORITY OF PROMISE - dealing with competition. 
 As you know, in the final analysis, no successful copy ever sells a product. It sells a way of satisfying a particular desire. And its power to sell ultimately comes from the intensity of that desire. 
 Several different ways of beating competition: 
 
 •  First , of course, is superiority of product. 
 •  Second – superiority of promise. 
 •  Third – the product-role. 
 •  Fourth – we have response and reaction as a competitive force 
 •  And Fifth – direct attack – concentration: this careful, logical, documented process of proving ineffectual other ways of satisfying your prospect's desire. If you can only attack another product – without showing at the same time, by comparison, how your product provides what the other lacks – then say nothing at all! Never attack a weakness unless you can provide the solution to that weakness at the same time! 
 VII. Camouflage 
 H OW TO BORROW CONVICTION for your copy... 
 First is Format. 
 Second is adopting phraseology. 
 Third avoids advertising language (which produces a counter-reaction) 
 
 a) Understatement 
 b) Deadly Sincerity 
 Four processes that determine position in your ad: 
 
 1. Gradualization – the development of a stream of acceptances from your reader to your statements, leading finally to an inevitable demand on the part of that reader for your product. 
 2. Redefinition – the removal of preconceived objections on the part of your prospect toward your product, by providing him with a new definition of that product. 
 3. Mechanization – the verbal proof that your product works – that it does what you say it does. 
 4. Concentration – the verbal proof that other alternate products do not do this essential function as well. 
 F. Additional copywriting skills: Verification - Reinforcement – Interweaving 
 W E STARTED WITH THE idea that there was a definite technique that could produce better headlines than the ones you were using yesterday. And, since the headline is so vitally important to the success or failure of your ads, we devoted the first part to this creative search. 
 Then we investigated the equally important problem of how to exploit that headline. How to lead the prospect from the feeding of interest and curiosity that your headline had aroused in him, into a constantly mounting conviction that this product has what he wants, and that it is absolutely capable of giving it to him. 
 You use body copy to accomplish this second objective – perhaps a lot of it, perhaps very little. In either case, we've examined the three interlocking paths by which this effective demand is created: first, the intensification of desire ; then the creation of an acceptable product personality or role with which the prospect will want to identify ; and then the rather abstract structure underlying your copy arrangement that produces believability of your story. 
 So now we've seen how to reach out to your prospects mind on all three emotional levels: Desire ... Identification ... and Believability. 
 Now, as our last problem, we have to put all these elements together. We have to take all these promises, these images, these devices, these structures – and weave them together into one cohesive unit, that holds your prospect's attention from beginning to end. 
 In other words, having broken down the ad to analyze the elements that make it work – we now have to deal with the reverse problem: tying it together once again. 
 Documentation is any sort of proof – statistics, facts, tests, etc. – that your product works. 
 Mechanization on the other hand is the verbal and logical demonstration, and thus also proof, that your product works. 
 Verification – which is different from both of them – is the process of arranging your documentation within your copy so that it gains the greatest immediate acceptance from your reader, and has the greatest emotional effect on him. 
 Reinforcement – how to make two claims do the work of four. 
 If you employ it skillfully, then the impact of one emotion, plus the impact of a second emotion, will often add up – non-mathematically – to the impact of FOUR emotions. 
 Interweaving – how to blend emotion, image and logic into the same sentence. 
 The first rule of all copy, of course, is that it produce an emotional impact. As we have seen, over and over again, even in believability copy, even in documentation, every word must carry image, picture, feeling. Weave together your promise, your logic, your emotion, your image. Pack your sentences full of every one of them. Make them blend into each other, till its almost impossible to pull out the individual threads of the rich pattern of conviction and desire you're weaving. 
 Sensitivity – how to give your reader what he demands step in step throughout the copy. 
 Here you are relying on your own powers of empathy You must be, at the same time, not only the writer of your ad but its reader. You must anticipate that point in the copy flow-as it is transformed into a series of impressions in your readers mind where he is going to say: "I've read enough about this. Give me this instead." 
 And then you must shift the direction of the copy to meet his new direction of interest. 
 Momentum – how to draw your reader deeper and deeper into your copy. 
 There are two types: 
 
 1. Actual momentum phrases; and 
 2. Incomplete statements, or teasers, that draw the reader further into the copy in order to complete them. 
 In other words, you are continually throughout the copy: 
 
 1. Creating interest in a specific point; 
 2. Raising a question in his mind about that point; and 
 3. Implying an answer to that question later in the copy. 
 Mood – how to pack your copy with drama, excitement, sincerity or any other emotion you wish. 
 
 Words and rhythms. They are to the copy writer what line and color are to the painter. They set the mood of your story – carry the emotion so subtly that your reader never really realizes where the excitement or the image or the conviction is actually coming from. 
 Mood-building is deliberate on the part of the copywriter – unnoticed on the part of his reader. As with so much of the rest of the ad, it lies underneath the surface, to do its work imperceptibly. 
 
=== c009.xhtml ===

 What Forms the “Mass Desires?” 
 
 What Forms the “Mass Desires?” 
 V ARIOUS PEOPLE HAVE different explanations for these. There are literally an infinite variety of names to call them. This doesn't mean that the mass desires themselves are any but a few – but with countless variations. The trick is to find authorities who have done the honest research into humankind's actual emotional motivations. 
 Note : the scammers and spammers who “teach” copywriting give long lists of “triggers” away with their massive “cheat sheets” of compiled headlines along with “formulas” for writing sales pages. 
 Triggers don't mean you have a mass desire. The elements below list positive and negative motivations for people. These also are not mass desires. Review the Schwartz material above and his masterwork to find each individual “ public spread of a private want.” You'll still have to tailor your product and your marketing to these when you find actual mass desires, but you'll have your hardest work behind you. 
 I've narrowed them down to 4 authors who have studied these motivations with no personal profit to make by teaching copywriters and marketers. They are also not academics, but have actively worked to solve humankind's problems. 
 Most of the rest of descriptions I've found are marketers selling to marketers – which is also compared to the “blind leading the blind.” 
 Again, the bulk of these descriptions are metaphors. What you call them is up to you. Your own research will determine what is the actual strongest mass desire to use. And your conversations with your audience will tell you how they call it and refer to it. 
 The below authors – Cialdini, Maslow, Hill and Levenson – have each their own descriptions of how they understand the motivations humankind uses. 
 6 Key Principles Of Influence By Robert Cialdini 
 S OURCE: WIKIPEDIA 
 Reciprocity – People tend to return a favor, thus the pervasiveness of free samples in marketing. In his conferences, he often uses the example of Ethiopia providing thousands of dollars in humanitarian aid to Mexico just after the 1985 earthquake, despite Ethiopia suffering from a crippling famine and civil war at the time. Ethiopia had been reciprocating for the diplomatic support Mexico provided when Italy invaded Ethiopia in 1935. The good cop/bad cop strategy is also based on this principle. 
 Commitment and Consistency – If people commit, orally or in writing, to an idea or goal, they are more likely to honor that commitment because of establishing that idea or goal as being congruent with their self-image. Even if the original incentive or motivation is removed after they have already agreed, they will continue to honor the agreement. Cialdini notes Chinese brainwashing on American prisoners of war to rewrite their self-image and gain automatic unenforced compliance. See cognitive dissonance. 
 Social Proof – People will do things that they see other people are doing. For example, in one experiment, one or more confederates would look up into the sky; bystanders would then look up into the sky to see what they were seeing. At one point this experiment aborted, as so many people were looking up that they stopped traffic. See conformity, and the Asch conformity experiments. 
 Authority – People will tend to obey authority figures, even if they are asked to perform objectionable acts. Cialdini cites incidents such as the Milgram experiments in the early 1960s and the My Lai massacre. 
 Liking – People are easily persuaded by other people that they like. Cialdini cites the marketing of Tupperware in what might now be called viral marketing. People were more likely to buy if they liked the person selling it to them. Some of the many biases favoring more attractive people are discussed. See physical attractiveness stereotype. 
 Scarcity – Perceived scarcity will generate demand. For example, saying offers are available for a "limited time only" encourages sales. 
 Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs 
 I NSTEAD OF STUDYING the insane (as Freud and his followers), Abraham Maslow studied the exceptional – those people who accomplished great things. His work is comparable to the 20 years Napoleon Hill spent interviewing over 500 of the greatest movers and shakers of our culture in order to distill his common sense philosophy of success. ( Law of Success , Think and Grow Rich ) 
 Source: Wikipedia 
 Hierarchy 
 Maslow's hierarchy of needs is often portrayed in the shape of a pyramid with the largest, most fundamental levels of needs at the bottom and the need for self-actualization at the top. While the pyramid has become the de facto way to represent the hierarchy, Maslow himself never used a pyramid to describe these levels in any of his writings on the subject. 
 The most fundamental and basic four layers of the pyramid contain what Maslow called "deficiency needs" or "d-needs": esteem, friendship and love, security, and physical needs. If these "deficiency needs" are not met – with the exception of the most fundamental (physiological) need – there may not be a physical indication, but the individual will feel anxious and tense. Maslow's theory suggests that the most basic level of needs must be met before the individual will strongly desire (or focus motivation upon) the secondary or higher level needs. Maslow also coined the term Meta-motivation to describe the motivation of people who go beyond the scope of the basic needs and strive for constant betterment. 
 The human mind and brain are complex and have parallel processes running at the same time, thus many different motivations from various levels of Maslow's hierarchy can occur at the same time. Maslow spoke clearly about these levels and their satisfaction in terms such as "relative," "general," and "primarily." Instead of stating that the individual focuses on a certain need at any given time, Maslow stated that a certain need "dominates" the human organism. Thus Maslow acknowledged the likelihood that the different levels of motivation could occur at any time in the human mind, but he focused on identifying the basic types of motivation and the order in which they should be met. 
 Physiological needs 
 Physiological needs are the physical requirements for human survival. If these requirements are not met, the human body cannot function properly and will ultimately fail. Physiological needs are thought to be the most important; they should be met first. 
 Air, water, and food are metabolic requirements for survival in all animals, including humans. Clothing and shelter provide necessary protection from the elements. While maintaining an adequate birth rate shapes the intensity of the human sexual instinct, sexual competition may also shape said instinct. 
 Safety needs 
 With their physical needs relatively satisfied, the individual's safety needs take precedence and dominate behavior. In the absence of physical safety – due to war, natural disaster, family violence, childhood abuse, etc. – people may (re-)experience post-traumatic stress disorder or trans-generational trauma. In the absence of economic safety – due to economic crisis and lack of work opportunities – these safety needs manifest themselves in ways such as a preference for job security, grievance procedures for protecting the individual from unilateral authority, savings accounts, insurance policies, reasonable disability accommodations, etc. This level is more likely to be found in children because they generally have a greater need to feel safe. 
 Safety and Security needs include: 
 •  Personal security 
 •  Financial security 
 •  Health and well-being 
 •  Safety net against accidents/illness and their adverse impacts 
 Love and belonging 
 After physiological and safety needs are fulfilled, the third level of human needs is interpersonal and involves feelings of belongingness. This need is especially strong in childhood and can override the need for safety as witnessed in children who cling to abusive parents. Deficiencies within this level of Maslow's hierarchy – due to hospitalism, neglect, shunning, ostracism, etc. – can impact the individual's ability to form and maintain emotionally significant relationships in general, such as: 
 •  Friendship 
 •  Intimacy 
 •  Family 
 According to Maslow, humans need to feel a sense of belonging and acceptance among their social groups, regardless if these groups are large or small. For example, some large social groups may include clubs, co-workers, religious groups, professional organizations, sports teams, and gangs. Some examples of small social connections include family members, intimate partners, mentors, colleagues, and confidants. Humans need to love and be loved – both sexually and non-sexually – by others. Many people become susceptible to loneliness, social anxiety, and clinical depression in the absence of this love or belonging element. This need for belonging may overcome the physiological and security needs, depending on the strength of the peer pressure. 
 Esteem 
 All humans have a need to feel respected; this includes the need to have self-esteem and self-respect. Esteem presents the typical human desire to be accepted and valued by others. People often engage in a profession or hobby to gain recognition. These activities give the person a sense of contribution or value. Low self-esteem or an inferiority complex may result from imbalances during this level in the hierarchy. People with low self-esteem often need respect from others; they may feel the need to seek fame or glory. However, fame or glory will not help the person to build their self-esteem until they accept who they are internally. Psychological imbalances such as depression can hinder the person from obtaining a higher level of self-esteem or self-respect. 
 Most people have a need for stable self-respect and self-esteem. Maslow noted two versions of esteem needs: a "lower" version and a "higher" version. The "lower" version of esteem is the need for respect from others. This may include a need for status, recognition, fame, prestige, and attention. The "higher" version manifests itself as the need for self-respect. For example, the person may have a need for strength, competence, mastery, self-confidence, independence, and freedom. This "higher" version takes precedence over the "lower" version because it relies on an inner competence established through experience. Deprivation of these needs may lead to an inferiority complex, weakness, and helplessness. 
 Maslow states that while he originally thought the needs of humans had strict guidelines, the "hierarchies are interrelated rather than sharply separated". This means that esteem and the subsequent levels are not strictly separated; instead, the levels are closely related. 
 Self-actualization 
 "What a man can be, he must be.” This quotation forms the basis of the perceived need for self-actualization. This level of need refers to what a person's full potential is and the realization of that potential. Maslow describes this level as the desire to accomplish everything that one can, to become the most that one can be. Individuals may perceive or focus on this need very specifically. For example, one individual may have the strong desire to become an ideal parent. In another, the desire may be expressed athletically. For others, it may be expressed in paintings, pictures, or inventions. As previously mentioned, Maslow believed that to understand this level of need, the person must not only achieve the previous needs, but master them. 
 Later research 
 Maslow's later research showed a level above self-actualization, which he called self-transcendence. 
 Per the New World Encyclopedia: 
 Self-transcendence 
 Maslow also proposed that people who have reached self-actualization will sometimes experience a state he referred to as "transcendence," or "peak experience," in which they become aware of not only their own fullest potential, but the fullest potential of human beings at large. Peak experiences are sudden feelings of intense happiness and well-being, the feeling that one is aware of "ultimate truth" and the unity of all things. Accompanying these experiences is a heightened sense of control over the body and emotions, and a wider sense of awareness, as though one was standing upon a mountaintop. The experience fills the individual with wonder and awe. He feels one with the world and is pleased with it; he or she has seen the ultimate truth or the essence of all things. 
 The Nine Motives 
 B Y NAPOLEON HILL 
 (From “PMA: Science of Success” Course) 
 All individual achievements are the result of a motive or a combination of motives. The ten basic motives which inspire all voluntary action are discussed here. 
 The desire for self-preservation 
 The emotion of love 
 The emotion of fear 
 The emotion of sex 
 The desire for life after death 
 The desire for freedom of body and mind 
 The desire for revenge 
 The emotion of hate 
 The desire for self-expression and recognition 
 The desire for material gain 
 These ten motives constitute the alphabet of success in dealing with other people, for all sane people are engaged in voluntary action because of a motive. Unless you are familiar with the ABC’s of success, you will not learn to live very well. You must have them. 
 Not only are they important to an understanding of other people and what makes them tick, but you, yourself, as a fellow human being, respond to these same motives. And you will ﬁnd that unless speciﬁc goals of your life, no matter how small, are supported with a proper number of these motives, you are not going to be interested in carrying out those plans to a successful conclusion. 
 The Four Wants Which Glue Human Experience Together 
 L ESTER LEVENSON ACHIEVED a high personal state out of necessity, after having been told he was going to die of heart failure in just a few weeks – leaving him only his mind to sort out his condition. 
 After his breakthrough, it took him nearly two decades of study to figure out what he had accomplished. Levenson worked out that there were really holding all the humankind experience in place: 
 
 - Wanting Control 
 - Wanting Approval 
 - Wanting Security 
 - Wanting Separation and/or Oneness 
 Wanting Control is often typified by frustration or impatience with people around us, as they simply aren't doing what we want them to do - or vice-versa. Like wanting a slow driver in front of you to speed up, for instance. Or talking to the TV and telling someone how they should change some behavior you noticed them doing. 
 Wanting Approval is a very common scene - popularity contests, or resentment at not being chosen for a team - any of these keep us stuck to behaviors where we are acting to please someone, or that we think others should get our OK before they do anything. 
 Wanting Security is far more basic. And needing to control or get approval is held in place by this. This unease is present with any time we are job hunting, or our position with a company or in life is threatened. Of course, this brings a lot more stress into our lives where we aren't in a peace-time activity. But it can also be the annoyance of a power outage, or bills you have to pay. 
 Wanting Separation / Oneness (also understood as Belonging ) is ever present, but we are not usually aware of it. Wanting to be part of a group is of course a factor in wanting approval, but more basic. Wanting to "get away from it all" is the reverse - but is very basic. And might be the reason we have to have vacations at all. It's also the point of having people recognize your individuality. 
 These four wants are themselves held in place by the Fear of Death , which is really the fear of losing one's individuality – which gets into another long study quite beyond marketing. (Just know that most people cannot approach their own fear of death without physical pain and distress.) 
 
=== c010.xhtml ===

 Postscript – What This Series Has To Do With You 
 
 Postscript – What This Series Has To Do With You 
 Preamble 
 L ET'S LAY OUT SOME basics. 
 When you understand marketing and copywriting, you can achieve, acquire, and accomplish anything you want – by helping everyone around you get what they want . That's why this book was created – to help you do just that. 
 People are living a story that they are very serious about, for the most part. They think they have no choice in this matter. People actually choose by their many decisions – all day long, for all their lives. 
 What they don't understand, mostly, is that story they are living is being created by them and lasts as long as they want it to. 
 Your job as a marketer or copywriter, accept it or not, is to help them with their story by describing offers to them that they can use to push their story along. 
 The reason for this series of books is to bring you a collection of stories lived by some of the world's greatest copywriters and sales-persons. When you study their stories, you'll then understand how marketing is actually done – not the way it's been sold as a subject since just before the Internet was invented. 
 Humankind hasn't changed much, if any, since we started writing down our histories. Our markets are the same as when they were bazaars in the local village square. What people want hasn't changed, their motivations haven't changed. Only our current circumstances. 
 We are each on a journey through the life we live out on this planet. High-tech or primitive, the basic human reactions are the same as they always have been, regardless of what we encounter on this journey. 
 The idea of a journey-story is what starts to tie up all the loose ends of marketing into a cohesive approach – an underlying system which explains all, resolves all. If you understand what motivates every person on Earth, then you can form your offer to help them along on that journey they are on. And they'll pay you well for this – which helps you on your own journey. 
 Life-journeys were defined years ago by a professor named Joseph Campbell. He wrote several books about how there is one common plot to all myths and legends. Campbell found that the stories which resonated through history, that were retold time and time again, were the ones which fit a certain pattern. 
 Campbell told of this story as a journey which every hero (or heroine) undertook. And this common journey-story can be as complicated or as simple as you'd like. 
 The very simplest is this: 
 Departing on the Journey 
 •  The call to adventure, perhaps rejected at first 
 •  Meeting a mentor or guide. 
 •  Point of no Return, where the world transforms 
 Life-Changes 
 •  A series of trials, temptations, and resolutions 
 •  Atonement and rebirth – total paradigm shift 
 •  Goal achievement 
 Returning 
 •  Flight with the goal-solution 
 •  Rescue by companions 
 •  Recrossing back into normal life with new freedoms 
 The common players in every story: 
 •  Hero or Heroine 
 •  Helpers 
 •  Goal or object being attained. 
 Marketers do their pitch to help a person along at one stage or another of their journey. Pitches all aren't all calls to adventure. You are offering products which symbolize something that is vital to that journey progress. Your pitch is another helper for whatever they are facing. It's up to you to know your potential customer or client to see what they need so you can fill it. 
 As you study Campbell (recommended) and those who wrote about him (Chris Vogler has a good study in this area) you'll see this above description is pretty watered down. I've kept it simple so you can apply it in our “non-heroic” times. 
 It is the single story which is told over and over, regardless of circumstance. While there are as many variations as there are individuals on this planet, the basic plot is the same for everyone. 
 This is what I found to be the common thread through all Marketing and copywriting as well. If you go back to find the all-time great advertisements and marketing campaigns, you'll see that they tell a story. 
 •  “ Do You Make These Mistakes in English? ” 
 •  “ They laughed when I sat down at the piano – but when I began to play... ” 
 •  “ At 60 miles an hour the loudest noise in this new Rolls-Royce comes from the electric clock." 
 These are stories which sold over and over. Why? Because they help a person on their journey. 
 The products they buy are symbols which help them on their journey. Clothes tell the status of a person, they are the costume which helps that person get into or stay in character during the journey. Vehicles, electronic gadgets, houses – all these things make the journey easier or are tools which make that achievement possible. 
 You also have the reverse – where people are desperately working to avoid the journey in front of them, and seek continual distraction from what they know to be true. 
 The copywriter or marketer who knows these and a few other facts will be able to make sense of all the various “schools” and “brands” of marketing, as well as all the “guru-speak” which is out there. 
 What follows next are a few short essays which expand on this concept. I've left them as originally written – some of the points repeat what I've just told you. All I'm telling you here is simply a metaphor, a tool-set. Do with it what you will. 
 Test all this for yourself and throw away everything which doesn't work for you. Only then will you be able to use it effectively in your own marketing. 
 What Story are YOU Living? 
 P EOPLE LIVE IN THEIR own story. And that story controls their life. 
 People are preoccupied with that story – how it will turn out, plot twists, happy or tragic ending, their story that runs their life. They listen to this story more than they listen to the people who are trying to talk to them in real life. 
 And, as the old phrase, they write their story as they go along, much as Shakespeare would write the play even as the actors rehearsed it. 
 People get their inspiration for that story from the other stories around them. 
 Their story is continually running in every person's head, constantly refined and improved by the stories they compare with it. 
 This comparing is what can get people into trouble. Or saves their bacon. It's truly a life or death scene from day to day. This explains the drama so many people go through, while others lead calm and cheerful lives. It's the story-line they follow. 
 People are in search of the perfect story. One that explains their life so far and gives them direction to follow. 
 The person who influences their story controls them - by their own choice. Any politician knows this. The really effective ones (like FDR, and similar) leave a feel-good “legacy” which takes decades to unravel the factual truth from the fictional story they wove. (The Great Depression was made worse and longer than it should have been.) 
 The bad politicians (Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin) weren’t bad because of what they did (well, yes - but that’s another story.) Let me rephrase that: They weren’t bad according to the people in their own country – even for years after they were driven from power – because they consistently told a story which with their people wanted. 
 Hitler was going to return Germany to a level of prominence in the world that was unjustly taken away from them, back to global approval. 
 Some people in Russia even today long for a return to the “good old days” of Stalin and complete control over their lives – stable security. 
 People live a certain story in their life. 
 They compare the stories they hear and see with that internal story to see if they are living their life the right way - are they following the plot right, are they being the right character? 
 So when you tell a good story, you get elected. If you keep telling a good story (like FDR’s “it was all the earlier guy’s fault...”) then people continue to like you and you stay in power. That’s why U.S. Presidents are limited to two terms ever since. 
 Some people can tell a story too well for our own good. 
 Seriously. That’s the way things are. 
 But let’s back up. 
 I’m not counting on you believing me. In fact, I’m counting on you disbelieving me. Because until you start listening to the stories around you with a critical ear and eye, you will continue to live a life which takes all the money you make and leaves you nothing in return (except some expensive doo-dads, bumper stickers and yard signs.) 
 The old saying is true: out of 100 people graduating, 5 will retire wealthy, 10 will be able to retire at all, and the rest will be broke and dependent on the government or charity to keep them alive. 
 The difference is their story and who they let influence its outcome. 
 We aren’t here to talk about politics. (It’s just that they make such good punching bags, er... examples - when they are no longer around.) 
 The only difference between the people writing the ads which make you buy their stuff and the speech writers that make you vote for a certain young, good-looking politician is... Nothing. 
 They both use your emotions to get what THEY want. 
 Not what YOU want. 
 Yes, you have it all rationalized out that you did the right thing. But funny enough, when enough things break on that gorgeous chunk of metal in your driveway - you’ll trade it in for another of the same brand. 
 The really good marketers find out what you want and offer it to you in a way that's natural for you to accept. The great copywriters hep you live your life the way you already think you want it. 
 People disagree on who the all-time legendary copywriters are. There are huge long lists of people you’ve never heard of, and how these people were Kings of their Heaps. 
 What I’ve done is to take all these lists and boil them down the the same few names which keep coming up. 
 Then I’ve studied those authors to see what they said worked for them - and found a few other authors to study. 
 Meanwhile, I took the same key datums all these authors said and boiled them down. (And decided to reproduce those I could as the simplest way of getting these books to you – in its own series.) 
 The final step was to boil even those down until when the steam cleared, there was just one nugget left in the bottom of that huge pot. 
 You’ve already been introduced to it: 
 Life is a journey-story. 
 The person can only figure out if their story is a good one if they compare it to other stories around them. 
 People who tell them stories which are similar to theirs can get them to do what they want. 
 This is called copywriting. 
 It is part of a subject called “marketing” - which is really just communication. 
 People who are known as “good talkers” or “good salespeople” or “great communicators” are all just marketing their own story in a way people want to hear it. 
 When you buy their stuff (or vote their way) you’ve decided that your story would be better if you took the action they told you to. 
 We are going to get to the main way these people get away with ordering you around. 
 But all these copywriters and speech writers know one thing: 
 Your life-story is built from emotion. 
 In fact, all communication is built from emotion. Every word has some emotional connotation by itself, weak or strong. They draw their power from the words on either side. This is what gives poetry it's strength – and why Shakespeare is still so powerful, even though no one speaks that version of English these days. 
 Every good story involves you emotionally in the outcome. You sit in that theater, or in front of that TV, or in a “good” book - completely oblivious to everything around you - until it ends. 
 And then for days afterwards, you are still hearing that story go around in your thoughts. 
 If they told you a good enough story, you will hear it for years. You’ll even change your life so that you are constantly reminded of their story by the various doo-dads you have around you. 
 It’s not just buying the book or DVD or downloading that TED talk. (Or for some, playing that game over and over and over until you figure out how to win all the levels - or until the next version comes out...) 
 It’s the story in it. Something in their story makes you want to have that outcome in your own story. 
 The emotions they used to tell their story is one you like to experience. So you keep coming back over and over. 
 Or you buy their products over and over. Or vote for that party over and over. Or watch that actor or actress over and over. 
 You have become one of the highest prizes. You’re a client. Also known as a devoted fan. 
 But all is good. All stories are good ones. 
 Because you are just following your emotions. And you’re always right. 
 That’s the way you and I and everyone are wired. 
 Practically no one is immune. Well, statistically, it’s between one in a million and one in ten billion. Those people are called “enlightened” and not much marketing works on them. (They already have everything they could ever need or want anyway - but that’s another story.) 
 What you are probably wanting to know next is: how do I learn to write like this? Or - how do I learn to write my own story? 
 What’s The Difference Between A Good And Bad Copywriter? 
 I WAS WANDERING AROUND reading tons of material on writing sales pages, landing pages, scripts. I was studying headlines, subheadings, bullet points. I was absorbing the details of graphics and type-styles and colors. 
 I was trying to absorb all these details about the perfect marketing approach - and it was going nowhere. Just filling up my hard-drives and filling up my book-cases. 
 But I thought the next book or video or webinar would tell me the key point I was missing. 
 Bob Bly was the one to finally bust my balloon. 
 He said it was simple: 
 A good copywriter gets the sale. 
 Joe Sugarman said the same thing. So did most of the others when you look for it. 
 All these details about how to build the sales page were only valuable if they helped the ad do that one thing. 
 Some ad that is considered good copywriting helps the reader buy. More than just “wanting” to buy - they actually buy the stuff being talked about. 
 A good copywriter will make the person buy—by pushing the right emotional buttons. 
 The whole point of copywriting is to get the person to act. To take out their credit card and buy whatever is being talked about. 
 A good copywriter tells the story that reader wants to hear. 
 Yes, we see a problem with this. 
 How do you keep someone like Hitler getting in charge again? 
 Practically, the only way you can do this is like the joke: 
 Q. How do you get down from an elephant? 
 A. You don’t. You get down from a goose. 
 Get it? Goose down . 
 You change the world by changing your own story. 
 You can proof yourself up against those who only want you following their story. Then you can decide if it’s somewhere you want to go. 
 Reading this and deciding for yourself if it works for you is the one way you can take charge over your own story. 
 I’ll give you a lot of other books you can read, mostly about copywriting. The rest is up to you. 
 The next question is almost the same: 
 How do you start telling stories which will help people around you to live better lives? 
 And that is what the good copywriters are doing every day, with every ad or article. 
 They are telling people stories which enable them to take action and make their own life better in some way. 
 You see, good copywriting makes people feel better - and act. 
 Bad copywriting makes people feel worse - and act. 
 Poor copywriting doesn’t get a person to act either way. And usually isn’t read after the headline. 
 There are good emotions and bad emotions. Either type can get a person to act. 
 Constantly following bad emotions will wreck your life, however. This is why people who are constantly critical have few true friends. 
 Critical people look for stories which have a critical storyline in them. Because they need reasons to explain the actions they take. 
 People decide emotionally and excuse it logically. 
 Good copywriting will give the logical explanation for buying. These are known as “features.” But the person decides to buy based on the “benefits” which are always emotional. 
 Perry Marshall is known for a phrase, “Nobody who bought a drill actually wanted a drill, they wanted a hole.” 
 (He isn’t the first one to notice it, but he’s the one known for saying it.) 
 “Wanting” is emotional. And there is some sort of emotion behind and before that “want.” 
 You want a hole because 
 •  people will look up to you, 
 •  you’ll have better control in your life, 
 •  it will make you a more secure future, 
 •  you’ll finally be part of an exclusive group, 
 •  etc. 
 •  etc. 
 Meanwhile, you buy that expensive drill you are going to use once or twice and store in your shop for years later. Like most power tools owned by consumers. (Professionals are different - they’ll own several. Some are called “backups.”) 
 As you read down the sales page, you’ll go through all the emotional reasons for buying, and then they’ll tell you the logical reasons why you’re right. 
 Right down to the P.S. - which tells you again to buy that item right now. 
 Valuable Copywriters Are Different. 
 V ALUABLE COPYWRITERS are there to improve their own lives by improving the lives of people they talk to. 
 They are not good copywriters or bad copywriters - they are not poor, if they are valuable to others. 
 People will follow you to the end of the earth if you are consistently handing out valuable stuff. 
 While value is just a matter of perception, there is an underlying principle older than written history which haunts copywriters who try to short-cut this process: 
 You can’t get without giving. You’ll only get according to what you give . 
 This is known as the “Golden Rule” - among other things. 
 Zig Ziglar said it this way, “You can get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.” 
 Look this over carefully. 
 People run their lives by emotion. So a person who is able to influence their emotions can take over running all these lives. Or so some people think. 
 Actually, you can only get and keep a following if you are always giving valuable stuff out. 
 Yes, they’ll pay you ungodly sums for this stuff. 
 But only if it’s valuable - and continues to be so. 
 Even if you talk to other people’s emotions - you’ll only get what you give out. To the degree you honestly help others is the degree you’ll get the help you need. 
 Right about now is the point where you realize I’m ruining everything. 
 Because from here on out, you are going to see through all the sales pages you read, all the commercials you hear or watch, every story you pick up. 
 You’re going to look to see whether that person is giving something that’s actually valuable. To you. 
 You’re going to pull back the curtains and watch that “Wizard of Oz” do their stuff. 
 Doesn’t mean you aren’t going to buy. But it does mean what you will be in better control over what you buy and the actual “why” you are buying. 
 Doesn’t mean you aren’t emotionally involved. 
 But it does mean that you are going to start writing your own story. 
 How do you tell what’s a “good” story? 
 Again, you’re looking for the “goose down.” 
 Work it backwards: 
 •  You’re trying to succeed every day you live. 
 •  The storyline you are following has certain goals to be successful. 
 •  Some activities and people you meet won’t help you make your goals. 
 •  You’ll attract what you need to achieve those goals (or get what you want) by helping others achieve similar goals. 
 How A Story “Works” 
 T HERE ARE MANY, MANY forms of stories. They are called by many names - “meme”, legend, icon, quest, journey... 
 A story works because of the emotion it contains and how its presented. 
 This is the sole reason for the success of bestseller books, movies, songs, brands. 
 Sole reason. 
 Stories are alive to the degree they allow people to participate in the emotion they hold. Stories grow as people spread them. 
 Stories are tuned, like any music or instrument, to reach a certain audience, wide or narrow. 
 They become a “classic” when they are tuned so that generations later they are still being told – even though the language and even their model has changed. 
 Shakespeare's “Romeo and Juliet” became West Side Story. The Gospel of Jesus has continued to reach wide audiences in all the various ways it's been told – more recently, “The Robe,” “The Greatest Story Ever Told,” and “The Passion of the Christ” are several notable recent ones. Wikipedia lists 29 English ones, and five other languages. 
 Christopher Vogler wrote one of the best guidebooks to understanding Joseph Campbell's works. Called “The Writer's Journey,” it tells how successful films were created (the “Star Wars” series for one) based on that singular “monomyth” plot. 
 In the introduction to the Third Edition, he also points out that a “tuned” story will actually create a physical response in the body: 
 I learned... to listen to my body as a judge of a story's effectiveness. I realized that the good stories were affecting the organs of my body in various ways, and the really good ones were stimulating more than one organ. An effective story grabs your gut, tightens your throat, makes your heart race and your lungs pump, brings tears to your eyes or an explosion of laughter to your lips. If I wasn't getting some kind of physiological reaction from a story, I knew it was only affecting me on an intellectual level and therefore it would probably leave audiences cold. 
 Vogler then went on to write an entire chapter on that very subject at the end of that edition. 
 Stories are that powerful. 
 Marketing stories which were well-crafted have won awards even through they sold no product. The industry award for advertising, the Clio, used to have this “curse” attached to it – agencies which had won the award were usually not in business by the following year. 
 You have to tell your marketing story in the way that gets action . 
 Bottom line. 
 Emotions are used to forward that goal. People “think” with their emotions, true. But no ad is worth anything to anyone unless it achieves and improves sales. 
 Wherever you are influencing people to continue with their journey-story, you have to end up actually getting them to do something. 
 This is when the story “works.” 
 When Is a (Marketing) Story “Sensible?” 
 W HEN IT BALANCES LOGIC and emotion. 
 Let's jump way out there: There is no time, there is only Now. (This is the core secret hidden in plain site in all philosophies, if you dig far enough.) And we keep track of incidents that make up our “time-track” in order to make sense of what we are doing Now. 
 This is why any two people don't see the same accident in front of them. They both are recording and accepting the recording which balances both their logic and their emotion. 
 This is why history is constantly being re-written – by historians and individuals. 
 History is never pat, set, or definite. Like the old saying, “the only thing constant is change.” 
 What “makes sense” is when you have that balance of logic and emotion. 
 Emotion is created. It literally means “move out.” It isn't perception, it's your own patterned response to what you see or hear, or taste, etc. 
 Feelings are a closer description of what you perceive. Of course, that's booby-trapped by our language as well. 
 Mostly, you can only feel stuff that happens to you. You can feel peace. You can feel happy. You can feel good. Most feelings, if not all, are nouns, not verbs. 
 The one exception that comes to mind is “love”. You can feel love, and you can love someone else. 
 But there's a trick to that word. It's not a feeling or emotion. It creates feelings and emotions. Love is creation. This again is one of these oldest traditions from pre-history beliefs. 
 Love even created hate. 
 Hate is only an emotion. It's out-facing. You can hold onto hate, even “hate” yourself – but the meaning just means “trying to destroy.” 
 But in this universe, nothing is truly destroyed. Only Love can dissolve things back to their original elements. 
 Look back on your own life and you should be able to find enough examples of this to prove it to yourself. 
 Hate and negative emotions only work to physically re-arrange the shape of things around you. They'll make someone sick instead of healing them. They'll wreck relationships instead of building them. 
 Negative emotions are never sensible. Because they're too emotional. 
 Before we go too far down this line, let me point out that feelings are also created – by Love. 
 Love makes sense more times than not. Of course you can have a head-over-heels “true love” which won't logically make much sense. However, the people who work to make sense out of this will create a new world where their attraction to each other does make sense – and the new world they create (as long as they continue to create it) will be in perfect harmony and give them all the success they want. 
 - - - - 
 I N SALES COPYWRITING , you have to achieve this balance. 
 People will decide emotionally and justify logically. 
 Your sales copy has to enable the reader to become the hero of the piece. 
 Hero's make sense out of nonsensical situations. 
 They triumph over evil to create a new reality. 
 Study Joseph Campbell's various books (“Hero With a Thousand Faces”, “The Power of Myth”) and you'll see that all the myths, legends, psychologies, and stories through the ages really boil down to a single plot (sequence). 
 It's this plot which also runs through all copywriting. Well, all good copywriting. 
 Bad copywriting doesn't tell a complete story or get even close. 
 You get involved with some simple ad and then they pitch something which is unrelated. 
 They are talking about a hero surviving a war, and then try to have you buy a refrigerator. 
 Because those copywriters don't understand what they are doing. They think they do. And they get some sales to prove it. But what they are doing is only repeating something they saw somewhere else and changing it. 
 Not improving it – changing it. 
 They don't understand how to make something make sense. 
 Heroes decide and act emotionally. But think logically. It will always be a surprise. 
 Logic isn't surprising, usually. Emotions aren't surprising. But the solution which is sensible can be very surprising. 
 This is your (the reader's) “Ah-ha!” moment. 
 And that is where the sale is made. 
 Because that is where they decide to act. 
 When it makes perfect sense. 
 Versions of AIDA – the Song Sung Forever. 
 A IDA MEANS ATTRACT , Interest, Desire, Action. 
 There are as many versions of this as there are fish in the ocean. 
 They all sing the same song with different verses. But the hero always wins. 
 When you take apart the conventional sales page, it's just the Hero's Journey again: 
 Call to Adventure – Threshold – Transformation – Return 
 - or - 
 Adventure Invitation (Headline) 
 Threshold is passed (Subheading, emotional benefits, “USP”) 
 Hero is transformed (logical reasons, features, objections answered) 
 Hero Returns with a Gift (CTA) 
 Bob Bly had it this way: 
 The successful ad... 
 Gains attention 
 Focuses on the customer 
 Stresses benefits 
 Differentiates you from the competition 
 Proves its case 
 Establishes credibility 
 Builds value 
 Closes with a call to action 
 Victor Schwab wrote this over 70 years ago: 
 
 1. Get Attention 2. Show People An Advantage 3. Prove It 4. Persuade People To Grasp This Advantage 5. Ask For Action These are all the same, really. 
 Just telling a story people want to hear. 
 And the success of that sales story is how well the copywriter tells it. 
 You need to know why as well as how to write good copy. 
 That's what this book is here for. 
 A good engineer bases his designs on proved principles, but listens to his intuition, too. The Wright Brothers combining their bicycle weight-lightening principles with aerodynamics they learned as children sledding – were able to get their machines off the ground with the inefficient motors of that day. 
 Copywriters won't just copy other's work, but will understand why these worked and then convert that success to their own product-push. 
 For me, once I was finally persuaded that I needed to learn this material to really make my sales take off, I then found myself surrounded by wannabe's – who were simply parroting people who had done the in-depth training in this subject. 
 I learned early to follow those people who had tested what actually produced sales and then slightly varied the text to see if this could be tweaked. 
 From this we got “ Do You Make These Mistakes in English? ” which ran for 40 years. And “ They laughed when I sat down at the piano – but when I began to play... ” which ran for 20 years. Also, this modern one: “ At 60 miles an hour the loudest noise in this new Rolls-Royce comes from the electric clock." 
 Proved headlines, copy, pitches. That's what you should be studying. Not just having huge “swipe files” you can copy and use. Because they won't do you any good until you actually know how they work. 
 AIDA is a song which was known to the bazaar merchants in times before history. The successful ones anyway. 
 To learn to sing this song effectively, you need to study those who studied why. 
 Are You Really Real? 
 T HE WORST FAILURES and best successes I've seen were those where the story matched up - or didn't – with the writer-teller. 
 You can read these Internet Marketing pitches and wonder how they made all this money they claimed. Because they're selling junk – over and over and over. 
 Sure, most of them don't really make it big. 
 But I was studying someone who had actually made himself a huge hit in his industry. Said to be an expert on copywriting. Yet he really didn't know what he was doing. Made millions. Almost accidentally. 
 His real story was more interesting than the one he pitched. 
 Because it was real. 
 Yes, there are flukes out there. People who get rich when there was no reason they did – or the rules were changed later so no one could really follow their model and make the same success. 
 So his name isn't one of the ones to study. 
 He's the realest fake I've seen. And almost lost the millions he'd made. (He met an advisor to saved his money. But couldn't save his marriage.) 
 And when you tear apart his sales pitches to find out why they're successful – you'll see that they follow “the pattern”, but have gaping holes in them. 
 They aren't stories you could follow. Because he told his own rag-to-riches story of bringing one book to a bunch of marketers where the whole industry didn't have a clue. And people followed him, bought his book, because it was definite and preached success. 
 He was determined to succeed. He persisted. After a dozen years, he became an “overnight” success. The idea he pitched was that he had become a millionaire in a little over 1 ½ years. 
 But he didn't. It took him a couple of decades of persistently learning from failures. He wasn't being honest. Unreal. 
 When you tear apart his book, it's filled with partial truths – not those which would make anyone but him actually rich. 
 Because he wasn't really interested in making others rich, just himself. 
 When you see someone who is arrogant, and preaches arrogance as a success route, you know he's ready to fail and take you with him. Because arrogance won't make any long-term success. 
 Success is built on making everyone around you successful. Ray Kroc (McDonald's) and Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) made more people into millionaires than they could count. So did Napoleon Hill. 
 They aren't the only ones. You can just see their backstory easier. 
 Being the best of the best – and not letting anyone else shine as bright as you – is the sure route to failure. 
 When you can take a person apart and see the brilliant facade built on fakery – that's when you know that everyone that person mentions is just another fake. 
 You'll also see that those referenced guys are also fakes. 
 Blind leading the blind. And you can't trust anything they say. 
 What you'll see written here is from the people who honestly want to help you succeed. 
 “Accidental Millionaires who lose it all” is not what we want to study. “Millionaires who make millionaires” is. 
 Real is being useful. Real is making sense. 
 Building a backstory from deceit won't make a solid foundation for any business. 
 Really real is being transparent down to your core and giving away far more value than you actually sell in goods. 
 The Golden Rule works all the time, all day (and night) long. How you treat others is how you'll be treated. Keep looking down on people from “on-high” based on a false route no one else can follow - and you'll eventually and rightfully be shown up as a fake. 
 Money made by selling drugs which ruin people's lives won't stay with you. Any criminal is ultimately brought to justice – by their own hands. 
 Here's the secret that made this one person rich: 
 In any area, you can sell more training than you can anything else. 
 Because most people won't carry through on your lessons – and will be buying book after book, course after course, webinar after webinar. 
 That's where the real money is. That's what made this guy rich. 
 When you read this guy's book, you see him tell this right in the pages and his videos about it. 
 But he's not the only one. There are several fakes in the industry he came from. 
 The reason: that industry (multi-level-marketing) depends to a great deal on “fake it to make it.” To succeed in any MLM, you nearly have to join a cult. (There are some few network marketing organizations which are decent and don't depend on this.) 
 Up to this point, it's meant a personal belief system which you “infect” others to believe in as much as you. And then get them to infect others the same way. Starting with friends and family. 
 Nothing has the failure rate that MLM has as a single industry. Because the few who can really motivate masses to follow their lead are just one in a million. 
 Network Marketing is built on the backs of people who want to start a home business, but don't have a clue. (Not that it can't be done, but this industry is led by the blind.) 
 The Internet has both been the blessing and downfall of these schemes. Because MLM can now reach people easier than ever, they now have a faster turnover and higher failure rate than ever before. 
 It's taken this deep study of copywriting to separate out these facts from the fluff. 
 There are a huge number of people out there who are wannabe's. They make their living putting on a show, because they know the bulk of the people out there won't spend the time they need to invest to really learn and apply this or any subject. Such marketers are the ones who popularize the “get rich quick concept,” even though they know it's false. They also tell you marketing is just a numbers racket – and build spam empires from short-cuts. 
 Those who win in copywriting study the leaders who have done the testing and found what really works, every time. 
 Those who are the effective trainers have built courses based on people who have done the testing to prove what works – hundreds, if not thousands of cases. 
 Follow the really real, the ones that make sense. 
 Follow the ones who have tested and know. 
 How to Use this Book to Get Everything You Could Possibly Want 
 T HERE IS A SIMPLE REASON this postscript is at the back of every book in this series: 
 You need to study all these books to become the best marketer you can. 
 Because, even mediocre and mis-trained copywriters writing for cheesy products can become millionaires with a few hackneyed, trite “formulas.” 
 The reason I undertook this study was that one example I used earlier – the marketer who was more fake than real. All he really did was to succumb to the easy money being made in Internet Marketing, when you have these “guru's” who have amassed huge lists selling essentially junk to people who would buy it on hope. Then they would cross-sell each other's products to their lists and the cycle would continue with any new product any of them came out with. 
 Problem was – they weren't actually helping anyone really improve their life. 
 Here's the proven breakdown of what happens with a training product “guaranteed to make you a millionaire from your own home business” - 
 •  Only 3% of the people who buy the product will actually finish the course. 
 •  3% of those will actually apply what they learned to break even. 
 •  3% of those will become an outrageous success – usually due to having already been trained by several previous training courses they took, not just this one. 
 The result – 1 in 1,000 will make their money back. 1 in 10,000 will become an flaming success and wind up as an example on infomercials. (With 9,999 chances for refunds.) 
 But you are different . 
 In just this short postscript, I've told you everything you need to know in order to make very successful copywriting. The motivations and explanations for why humankind think and act as they do isn't found in any other book. (Well, just the one I wrote on “Get Your Self Scam Free.”) 
 Because I wrote that book after I'd gotten scammed and wanted to find out why so it never happened again. 
 Scammers use the same techniques as honest marketers. It's just how they go about it. 
 An old adage about advertising says that great advertising with a poor product will run that company out of business. Mediocre advertising with a great product will make incredible amounts of money. 
 You can have everything you ever wanted if you 
 •  Have a great product, 
 •  Market it honestly, 
 •  Write your copy brilliantly. 
 The copywriter's job is to get that product repaired if it's flawed. 
 Otherwise, you are going to have to find another client – that company isn't going to be around for very long once people find out that the product sucks. 
 Know what you want out of your own journey-story before you start down that path with any old company willing to hire you. 
 Get an honest company with a great product and then promote it to the heavens – then watch whatever you really want in life show up. 
 Too simple. It's the reason that “Honesty is the Best Policy” is still retold today. 
 You have a right to everything you earn. 
 Do good – and earn everything you could want. 
 
=== c011.xhtml ===

 A Final Word from Eugene Schwartz 
 
 A Final Word from Eugene Schwartz 
 E VERY NEW MARKET – every new product – every new advertisement is a fresh new problem that never existed before on the face of this earth. 
 Past advertising successes – no matter how brilliant – can provide no answers for this new problem. They can only furnish jump-off points, yardstick questions, approximate solutions to lead you into the right direction. 
 The correct solution, the right headline, the perfect ad lies buried in the problem itself. It has never been written before. It cannot be produced by rote, carbon-copying or mutations. 
 But it can be sprung to the surface – automatically – by asking the right questions. 
 Here, I believe, are at least some of these questions ... some of these guide-posts. They are presented in the first section of this book. They are asked – and answered – before you set down at your typewriter; and they comprise the first part of your ad – its headline – the few simple words that startle your prospect into attention. 
 The remainder of that ad – the body copy – the techniques that lead your prospect from agreement to desire to identification to the conviction that he must own your product – are presented in the second section. 
 One cannot do its work without the other. Both are vital. Harnessed together, they can earn you a vice-presidency if you are security-minded, or a million dollars if you like to take a chance. 
 
=== c012.xhtml ===

 Bibliography 
 
 Bibliography 
 F IRST, GET YOUR OWN hardback copy of Eugene M. Schwartz' “Breakthrough Advertising” here: https://www.breakthroughadvertisingbook.com/ 
 - - - - 
 T HE BELOW AUTHORS ROUTINELY got results and wrote books about them. And people who studied them got results. Still do. 
 Some are fairly unknown today, not their fault. However, if you boil down all the books here, you'd see how the ones which are now almost unknown could be revived... 
 •  Scientific Advertising and My Life in Advertising – Claude Hopkins was the first to test the effectiveness of his ads by actual sales. He was the first to use coupons to do “split-testing” on two or more different versions of copy. 
 •  The Untold Story Behind Advertising – Albert D. Lasker ran the most successful advertising office on the planet for over 40 years. He hired Claude Hopkins and paid him more than anyone in history for his copywriting skills. This book tells how Advertising came of age and the changes it went through. 
 •  Tested Sentences That Sell – Elmer Wheeler was a testing pioneer – having tested 105,000 selling statements for 5,000 products. He invented the phrase, “Sell the Sizzle, not the Steak” and summed up his philosophy as “Don’t think so much about what you want to say as about what the prospect wants to hear– then the response you will get will more often be the one you are aiming for.” 
 •  How to Write a Good Advertisement – Victor Schwab was known for his testing with coded coupons. This book gives examples of 100 all-time winning headlines and tells why they work. 
 •  Robert Collier Copywriting Course – Robert Collier was known as a highly successful copywriter long before his success in Self-Help books. He still ranks to day as one of the premier copywriters. This excerpts the key chapters from his famous “Letter Book.” 
 •  Reason Why Advertising and Intensive Advertising – John E. Kennedy revolutionized marketing when he first defined advertising as Salesmanship in Print. 
 •  Reality in Advertising by Rosser Reeves – explains his U.S.P. concept. 
 These books are available at: https://livesensical.com/go/marketing-masters/ 
 Also recommended by Eugene Schwartz: 
 
 •  “The 100 Greatest Advertisements” by Julian Watkins, 
 •  “Confessions of an Advertising Man” by David Ogilvy 
 •  “Writing Non-Fiction” by Walter S. Campbell 
 
 Also recommended by Gary Halbert: 
 
 •  “Tested Advertising Methods” by John Caples 
 •  “7-Steps to Freedom” by Ben Suarez 
 •  “The Lazy Man's Way to Riches” by Joe Karbo 
 
 Once you have all the above down, you can then compare what has worked for centuries to how modern marketers have modernized them. 
 Do review the “How to Study This Book” section at the beginning of this book to get the most out of studying these classics. Just 3 steps... 
 
=== c013.xhtml ===

 YOUR WORLD IS FILLED WITH STRANGE SECRETS 
 
 YOUR WORLD IS FILLED WITH STRANGE SECRETS 
 ...that are hidden in plain sight. 
 - - - - 
 T HEY ARE STRANGE BECAUSE they are commonly known in our literature and history.  
 Solutions to poverty, lack, disappointment. 
 And people who discover them think they are the first to figure them out.  
 There are tons of books out there that essentially say the same thing.   And have existed through all our long written history and literature. 
 This is what Earl Nightingale found when he wrote and recorded his 78RPM LP record in  1957 . And it was such a breakthrough that it became the first Gold record of its kind -  all without any advertising.   
 Because he struck a common chord that explains all success. 
 It's time for you to get everything you want out of life. 
 Let me give you a small book that tells you exactly how this works. 
 To help you, I've taken Nightingale's original recording and made its transcript available for you, along with short versions of the books he recommends on that recording. Plus some other related essays and articles. All slim enough to fit on your smartphone for ready review - anywhere, any time. 
 
 All at no-charge, no cost.  
 It doesn't cost you even a penny to kickstart your success. 
 To get what you want. Everything you want.  
 Limited Time Offer 
 You can download your own copy of this book – as long as still  available. 
 Visit: https://calm.li/SSC-NF 
 
=== c014.xhtml ===

 RELATED BOOKS YOU MAY LIKE 
 
 RELATED BOOKS YOU MAY LIKE 
 All our Latest Releases 
 B OTH FICTION AND NON -fiction – each with links to major online book outlets as well as author discounts. 
 Speculative F iction Modern Parables 
 O UR SHORT STORIES AND anthologies – all in order of most recent release. 
 Classic Fiction 
 O UR EVER-EXPANDING collection of fiction stories that are hard to find, yet their stories never grow old. Perfect entertainment when the too-modern world becomes stale... 
 The Strangest Secret Library 
 A LL THE FULL REFERENCES mentioned in Earl Nightingale's Strangest Secret Library available for instant download – through your online book outlet of choice or with our publisher's discount. 
 Books on Writing & Publishing 
 O UR COLLECTION OF MODERN and classic references on how to improve your writing in our modern self-publishing age. 
 Books on Success and Goal Achievement 
 O UR COLLECTION OF MODERN and classic references on how you can become a personal success and achieve your own goals – to get everything you want out of life. 
 
=== c015.xhtml ===

 DID YOU LIKE THIS BOOK? 
 
 DID YOU LIKE THIS BOOK? 
 H OW ABOUT LEAVING A review with the vendor? 
 Otherwise (or in addition) you can leave your recommendations on: 
 
 •  Bookbub 
 The whole point is to enable others to find books that you liked reading. 
 Which then helps you find more great books to read. 
 And ... 
 Feel free to share this book! 
 
 Related Books of Interest 
 B Y EARL NIGHTINGALE : 
 How to Completely Change Your Life in 30 Seconds 
 Why Ninety-Five Fail, Only Five Succeed 
 How to Prevent Stress From Ruining Your Life 
 How to Mine Your Own Acres of Diamonds 
 How Creative People Win 
 2 Amazing Ways to Solve Your Problems 
 7 Strange Secrets to Winning Big 
 The $25,000 Idea 
 Earl Nightingale's Strangest Secret Library 
 - 
 B Y NAPOLEON HILL: 
 The Updated and Complete Think and Grow Rich 
 The Master Key to Riches 
 The Magic Ladder to Success 
 10 Easy Lessons in Cosmic Habitforce 
 The Law of Success 
 - 
 B Y J. B. JONES: 
 If You Can Count to Four... 
 How to Get Everything You Want Out of Life 
 - 
 B Y CLAUDE M. BRISTOL : 
 Magic of Believing – the Science of Goal Achievement 
 The Magic of Believing Collection 
 - 
 B Y DOROTHEA BRANDE : 
 Wake Up and Live! 
 - 
 B Y WALLACE D. WATTLES : 
 Science of Getting Rich 
 - 
 B Y DR. ROBERT C. WORSTELL : 
 Freedom Is - period 
 Winning Your Infinite Freedom 
 Make Yourself Great Again! 
 The Art of Wonk 
 - 
 O R VISIT OUR ONLINE bookstore at: 
 https://calm.li/LivingSensical 
 –––––––– 
 Did You Like This Book? 
 H OW ABOUT LEAVING A review with the vendor? 
 Otherwise (or in addition) you can leave your recommendations on: 
 
 •  Bookbub 
 The whole point is to enable others to find books that you liked reading. 
 Which then helps you find more great books to read. 
 And ... 
 Feel free to share this book! 
 
=== c016.xhtml ===

 BUSINESS GUIDE LIBRARY 
 
 BUSINESS GUIDE LIBRARY 
 Get No-Charge Access to Our Library of Marketing and Business References and Reports Instant Access – Join Here 
 Click or type into your browser: http://livesensical.com/go/byob/ 
 